Immediately before the Renaissance, you had these huge UFO battles over various European cities.
Huge triangular craft, spheres of various colors attacking each other, some of them falling from out of the sky.
What a lot of people are concerned about, including people in the deep state of our own government, is that the bad guys won.
In the struggle over reshaping human history, we wound up losing a rebellion against a control system that abides to this day.
Who is actually in the driver's seat when it comes to these sort of scientific paradigm shifts?
Who is pumping these ideas through these architects?
The religious control system on the planet.
And so what is that?
This thing is very similar to a thing that's happened in our biblical records, where a lord presented Moses with a pattern to build a tabernacle.
They came out of the sky, they handed him stone tablets, and this phenomena that's taking place today is as old as our history.
At the time the Black Plague breaks out, there are many UFO sightings.
There are sightings of objects that land in fields.
It was so prominent that hysteria broke out about it in the French court, and Charlemagne was considering declaring war on the tyrants of the air.
Three men and a woman were seen descending from these aerial ships.
The entire city gathered about them, saying that they were magicians sent by Charlemagne's enemy to destroy the French harbors.
The plague broke out only after these people would land in the fields, and they would go around with these hoods on, and these spray cans, and these guys would walk and deliver door-to-door service, spraying the doors of individual homes, where then the plague would break out.
Well, who are these people?
Exactly.
Ingo Swann is being tasked to remote view the moon, and here's what he saw there.
He saw tall, Nordic people conducting slave labor on the moon.
What does that say about who these people are?
Number one, it says that they're people.
I went into another room where there was a chair.
A man came in while I was trying to find a way out there, and this was a human-looking person.
And they had passed in a crowd, this individual, on Earth.
Jason Reza-Giorgiani, thank you for joining me.
I can't believe I made it into heaven with Jesse Michaels.
I know, but did you think you weren't going to make it?
Do you think you were more of a purgatory guy, or what was your...
Well, I mean, yesterday was definitely purgatory.
I tell you, you know, I've flown a lot, and to have two airplanes break down and a seven-hour delay, it was a little bit weird.
It's super weird.
Well, that's the perfect segue, weirdness and reality, for what I want to cover with you,
because I think you're one of the few people who studies UFO history and the nuts and bolts side,
but you also kind of understand some of the deeper underpinnings and architecture of what's going on.
I think there's like the kind of, you know, it's like the bell curve or something.
If you're like kind of really dumb and normie, like you don't think anything's going on.
You think it's like all Occam's razor, like, you know, kind of, you know, nothing to see here.
And then you get into the middle of the curve, it's like only nuts and bolts.
It's like, you know, all just saucers and a hanger.
And then once you get deep enough or something, you know, on the right side of the bell curve,
its consciousness is somehow extremely fundamental to all of this.
And you get into weird stuff around secret societies and psychic warfare, and it gets weird.
And so it feels like you are really deep into all of that stuff.
Yeah, you know, one thing I would take exception to in terms of the bell curve analogy there is that
I basically agree with what you're saying, except I think that there's a place on the other side of the bell curve
from where the normies are who deny that anything much is going on at all.
And then people who, let's say, have read Carl Jung on UFOs
and appreciate the extent to which this phenomenon involves the co-constitution of physical reality by consciousness and so on and so forth.
There's a place on the other side of that bell curve where someone can, as it were, fall off the deep end.
And I think it's also a psychological defense mechanism.
You can wind up developing such an abstract meta-interpretation of these phenomena
that you're actually occluding or occulting some more tangible aspects of it that are deeply disturbing.
And so that acts also, I think, both as a psychological defense mechanism for the particular researcher
who may want to interpret this all as like the Kantian thing in itself, which we will never know.
And it's like, you know, it's intrusions into our reality and our limited frame of interpretation, right,
based on human consciousness.
The denial of our capacity to ultimately discern what's going on with this phenomenon
can also be a way to defer responsibility for dealing with some very tangible things that are going on
that are deeply disturbing and that have very serious sociological and political implications.
I couldn't agree more.
I think some people who are so far off the deep end in the consciousness realm
are there because it's unfalsifiable, because it's like impossible to study,
because it really doesn't even touch our consensus reality.
So you don't need to justify it.
It turns into its own sort of cult.
But you said something very interesting there.
You said there's some deeply disturbing things going on in just the kind of more prosaic nuts and bolts,
you know, version of the UFO story.
What do you mean by that?
Let me come to that in a moment.
But before we, you know, scare the bejesus out of the listeners right off the bat,
let me give a little bit more historical context for what I was saying.
Yes.
So without naming names, Kant has become, I think, very important to some people
who have taken a very abstract approach to interpreting what's going on with the UAP phenomenon.
And if you look at Kant's own, Immanuel Kant's own life, here's a guy.
And by the way, I wrote about this in my first book, Prometheus and Atlas.
There's a whole chapter where I discuss Descartes and Kant and basically the constitution of the
world picture of the Age of Enlightenment, right?
And the thing about Kant is that in his youth, he actually took the time and care to read the
entirety of Immanuel Swedenborg's Arcana Colestia, The Secrets of Heaven, which has all kinds of
accounts of extraterrestrials living on various planets and different gradations of existence,
right? And planes of being and so on and so forth. And there's also, more significantly,
a ton about psi abilities in that book, you know, about clairvoyance and telekinesis and so on and so
forth. Well, Kant reads all this and then he writes the groundwork of the metaphysics of morals
in a way that develops an abstraction based on Swedenborg. He's using Swedenborg, but then he's
warping the metaphysical structure of Swedenborg's work in order to construct an unknowable reality
beyond the veil of appearances that's conditioned by the limits of our own consciousness.
And if you read his earliest writings, which he suppressed in his own lifetime,
Kant admits that the reason that he did this is that the stuff in Swedenborg is so disturbing
that it would destabilize society, including on a political level.
So what Kant wants to do is create this metaphysical model that allows him to define what he calls a
kingdom of ends, where each human being is an end in himself, a moral agent equal to every
other person. And then based on this, he can frame this categorical imperative that you should never
use any other person as a means and every person should be treated as an end in himself, right? It's
like the, you know, the, you know, Archimedean point of his whole moral system. Well, he does this by
misappropriating and distorting Swedenborg and covering over both the psychic and telekinetic
accounts in Swedenborg's writings and also the accounts of, you know, various forms of
extraterrestrial intelligence. And I see the same move being made today in certain sectors of the
UAP conversation.
Well, it's fascinating. I mean, that's a great book, Atlas, or Prometheus and Atlas. Everybody should
buy it. It's this sort of sweeping philosophical treatise where you go through the advent of empiricism
and reason and, you know, the enlightenment and figures like Kant and Descartes. And in Kant's case,
I think you also say that, like, the occult, the reason to keep the occult, the occult or sort of
separate somehow or, you know, off limits is because it would involve a storming of heaven or something.
And, um, did he have a political motive in doing this? Because with Descartes, I think you say that
he was a Jesuit spy and maybe...
Descartes was literally a Jesuit spy. In other words, Descartes was in the employ of people who were
holier than the Pope. In other words, you know that phrase holier than the Pope? These were agents of the
Vatican that were acting against the, uh, sort of, like, status quo modus operandi of the Catholic Church
in France. They were, like, uh, more zealous than the Pope. And they were Jesuits. And they had sent
René Descartes to infiltrate the Rosicrucian order and to develop a false scientific paradigm
that would reduce everything in the physical world to, uh, basically mechanical causality,
which then has the effect of relegating everything that can't be encompassed within
a mechanistic grid and framework of interpretation into the realm of the spiritual, which is in the
domain of the Catholic Church, right? So then the Church gets to continue to have a monopoly
on, uh, discourse about anything spiritual. And the common citizen is presented with a
scientific paradigm that's soul-crushingly nihilistic so that he will then remain within
the arms of the Church. And you think that was Descartes' mission? Absolutely. Yeah, he was a
higher Jesuit agent. I mean, the guy was literally a stormtrooper who functioned as a military
intelligence attaché to Catholic armies that were going through Protestant villages and burning them
to the ground and, you know, basically engaging in a, uh, inquisitory religious war against the
Protestants of France. And this is the guy who we trace our modern scientific paradigm to. Now,
Kant wasn't, you know, a paid agent of anybody, as far as I can tell. But he definitely had political
motivations, right? And the thing is, Kant's political motivations are not something, you know,
antiquarian and, you know, only relevant to his own epoch. We still face the same concerns that he did
as a serious thinker grappling with evidence for the paranormal. So, for example, as I point out very
early on, and, you know, I've come back to this over and over again in the 14 books that I've written,
but it's right there in Prometheus and Atlas from the beginning. If you consider what it would mean
for telepathy, clairvoyance, telekinesis, or what we call psychokinesis these days,
to achieve mainstream scientific recognition, and for large numbers of people to then adopt
training protocols for these latent human abilities, right? The way that we have now a lot
of the remote viewers offering remote viewing training, imagine what kinds of social challenges
that faces us with, right? I mean, if people become adept telepaths or adept clairvoyants,
there's no such thing as privacy left. There's no physical privacy left. Anyone can see you doing
whatever you're doing inside the privacy of your own home. Anyone can even step into your mind,
like the remote viewers, for example, who were tasked to psychically spy on Saddam Hussein
during the first Gulf War, Lynn Buchanan and others. They actually went into Saddam's mind
to the extent that, for example, you know, they would get ill when he was ill and so on and so forth.
And so this is like a horrendous violation of personal privacy. And then when you go to psychokinesis,
it's even worse, right? So there's this direct mental influence on living systems that's been studied
in a very serious way by parapsychologists. And often what they'll do is they'll visualize
certain organic systems in the body with a view to trying to heal diseases using psychokinesis.
But obviously, I mean, as the Soviets figured out in the 1970s, when they were taking mice down in
submarines and trying to stop their hearts, you can use the same thing to kill somebody. I mean,
you can use it to give somebody a heart attack or a stroke. And there's evidence, you know,
based on the testimony of some of our top remote viewers, that there was a black unit in the United
States that was doing these things in the 1970s and 80s. It was separate from the remote viewing
programs that were eventually defunded by Congress.
Whoa. As you know, I'm always on the hunt for things that help me stay sharp, focused,
and full of energy while I'm diving into life's mysteries and making this show happen. And I've
got to say, mud water has completely transformed my mornings. Back in the day, I used to struggle
with that post-coffee crash. And let's not even get into the caffeine jitters. Mud water gave me
the smooth, steady energy I was missing. It's packed with functional mushrooms like lion's mane,
chaga, and reishi, plus turmeric and cacao, all working together to keep me focused, calm,
and grounded. Honestly, it's like coffee went on a yoga retreat and came back zen. What I love most is
that it's not just about replacing coffee. It's a whole new ritual. It's a simple, nourishing way
to start the day. And I actually look forward to it every morning. Every ingredient is USDA-certified
organic, vegan, non-GMO, and there's zero sugar. It's energy that doesn't mess with your sleep or
make you question your life choices at 3 a.m. Ready to make the switch to cleaner energy?
Head to mudwater.com, that's M-U-D-W-T-R.com, and grab your starter kit today. Right now,
our listeners get an exclusive deal up to 43% off your entire order, plus free shipping and a free
rechargeable frother when you use code JESSE. That's right, up to 43% off with code JESSE at M-U-D-W-T-R.com.
After your purchase, they'll ask you how you found them. Please show your support and let them know
we sent you. Keep your energy natural and refreshing all year long with mudwater,
because life's too short for anything less than clean, delicious energy.
So there were people who had basically individuals from within those programs come to them and try to
recruit them into programs where they weren't just remote viewing, they were using psychokinesis
against targets of the U.S. intelligence community. And some people refused to get involved in that
program. I think other people were successfully recruited into it, like Pat Price. And I think the
reason Pat Price wound up dead is that he was recruited into that program and tasked with certain
operations, and he wound up having serious moral reservations to that.
Yeah, it's interesting, too, because so Stargate was this, you know, program originally out of
Stanford Research Institute that you're talking about, which, you know, is the American Psychic Spy Program.
It turned into, you know, had a few other names and a few other agencies oversaw it before
it was sunsetted in 1995. Um, but I think a lot of people don't know that actually a lot
of original people who were on that program came from Sidney Gottlieb's technical staff
services. And so that guy, I mean, Sidney Gottlieb's, you know, quote unquote, poisoner in
chief is court of, you know, the American Joseph Mengele, if you will. Uh, he was doing everything
to confer a tactical advantage, uh, on behalf of the U.S. on pretty much all vectors of spooky
science and would kind of, you know, lie, cheat and steal in order to do that. And I think he ended
up dying, uh, uh, with his wife at a leper colony, presumably maybe to, uh, you know, make amends for
his horrible deeds during his life or something. But, um, you know, that connection I think is not
super well known that maybe it wasn't just this, you know, maybe, maybe there were deeper black
elements to, to this, um, you know, program.
For sure. And so what Kant means when he uses the phrase storming heaven is precisely this, that
we could wind up in a situation where due to mainstream scientific recognition of these
latent human abilities, which by the way, we share with animals, there's extensive evidence of that,
that animals have much stronger side than most people do. And that probably, uh, you know,
on an evolutionary scale, there's an inverse relationship between the hypertrophy of technical
intellect and the atrophy of these intuitive instinctual abilities. So, you know, these
latent human abilities that we share with animals could be, uh, retrieved and, and trained and cultivated
in a very deliberate way. And, you know, if these phenomena get mainstream scientific recognition,
it's likely to be the case that many people will go adopt those training protocols, the way that
people train in martial arts today. The, the, the way they would have to be trained up now. So,
okay, this is a really wild conversation because assuming Psy is real. So this idea that they're the
mind matter thing is not this, you know, total divide. There's a connection between mental phenomena
and the physical world, uh, that changes everything. You know, all of a sudden the pyramid where the
bottom is physics, then you go chemistry, biology, you know, psychology or whatever, uh, and then
consciousness that gets flipped and consciousness goes at the bottom and it's fundamental to sort of
everything else. And so you'd have to assume if that is the case, there are people walking among us
that know that probably even outside of the context of these kind of academic institutions studying
this stuff. And they're probably covert training programs going on right now where maybe people
involved in the, in the training only have need to know or something they're being trained and they
don't even know they're being trained.
For sure. And you know, you can control a small cadre of such people. And if they get out of hand,
there are ways of dealing with that. But if it becomes a large scale social phenomenon where people
are going and training their clairvoyance, their telepathic ability, their telekinetic ability, the way that
people train martial arts these days, we are going to wind up in a situation like the Salem witch
hunts where you're going to have, I mean, how does a legal system even begin to deal with lawsuits,
uh, that so-and-so hexed me and so-and-so burned my house down using telekinesis. I mean, it will be
a nightmare. It's an institutional apocalypse. Absolutely. Absolutely. And so this is also one
dimension of what we might call catastrophic disclosure, because based on, you know, any serious
empirical study of the UFO phenomenon, it's obvious that, uh, the entities who are engaging people
from out of these craft are all adept telepaths and they have already cultivated the psychic abilities
that are latent in us and that we could also train. And so a disclosure of what's on the other side of
the UFO phenomenon is also de facto a mainstream scientific recognition of psi. I mean, you're already
starting to see this with people like Jake Barber coming from out of Lockheed that, you know, they're
using, uh, basically telepathy and clairvoyance to summon these craft. Right. Um, so, and then,
you know, there's a lot of suggestion that the guidance system of these crafts involve a psychokinetic
interaction between the pilots and the airframe and the propulsion system. So that you have some of
these wild stories about, you know, how very young people are being basically, uh, you know, selected
and, and, uh, you know, gathered together from various parts of the world and brought to these
black facilities so that they can more effectively pilot these craft. Right. Yeah. We also know that,
uh, that there are operations OCONUS outside the continental United States where prospecting for
psionic assets takes place and they're highly coveted. And the interesting thing is, is I hear
in those programs that, um, there's something valuable about the life experience in third world
countries, uh, in that it seems as though people that live a simpler life and are outdoors more
and have less contaminants in their food and their drugs and in their culture seem to be a little bit
better at disassociating and heightening their intuition. Um, and they come willingly because
of the economic imbalance between where they come from. So, so point being, you're not going to have
UFO disclosure without also having what I call the spectral revolution or a scientific revolution that
recognizes the reality of psi abilities. And I can unpack what I mean by that spectral revolution,
uh, if you'd like to go there and why I think it's not just another revolution in the history of
science like the Copernican revolution or the Darwinian revolution. Yeah. I'd love to get into
it. I mean, I, my personal belief is that, uh, it can't be just another scientific revolution because
science requires a priori skepticism, all, uh, you know, Francis Bacon. And so, uh, you can't go into
an experiment saying, you know, I expect the null hypothesis if you want a result in the psi framework,
right? So like if James Randi or, you know, the modern day Michael Shermer, like some of these
scientific skeptics show up to one of these sort of, you know, psychic experiments and they have
kind of, you know, it has an inhibitory effect. It does literally will have a restraining effect
on the actual results that you might get. And so you get into this sort of ear pockets of consensus
reality thing where you have believers and non-believers and they just don't sort of touch
and, and you can't really use the scientific method because yeah. Yeah. By the way, that negative
psi effect can also be empirically assessed though, because, you know, people can be given like
Zener card tests and so on and so forth. And if they're extreme skeptics, they'll do worse than
they could by chance. So you see like the psychological resistance manifesting itself.
It's sort of a negative form of psi, right? In any case, that's a very good point. So that's one of
the ways in which, you know, the conception of science that goes back to say Francis Biss or Francis
Bacon and the Royal Society would have to be fundamentally changed. But, you know, there's
another huge one and that's what Thomas Kuhn began to comment on when he wrote the structure
of scientific revolutions in the early sixties. And that's the paradigmatic nature of science.
So what Kuhn pointed out is that scientific theories are nested within larger frameworks of
interpretation. And these frameworks of interpretation establish as axiomatic and unquestioned. They assume
certain hinge propositions. That's a term that comes from Ludwig Wittgenstein originally.
Hinge propositions, meaning every other statement that's made hinges on certain unquestioned propositions.
And every scientific paradigm has that superstructure.
And scientists, as contrasted with philosophers, scientists never questioned those framework
assumptions. So Kuhn noted that the basic assumptions of any scientific theory, which form the paradigm
that's the context for that theory, they have certain basic definitions of, let's say, mass
and gravity and so on and so forth. And these are different definitions depending on the paradigm
that you're working in. So mass and
inertia don't mean the same thing in Newtonian physics
as they do in Einsteinian physics. And this simplistic,
you know, elementary educational textbook notion
that somehow Newtonian physics is understandable
as a subset of like Einsteinian physics is not the case.
They're not mutually translatable in that way.
And what's more interesting about Kuhn's argument in the structure of scientific revolutions
is that he says that when if you carefully observe the conditions of a paradigm shift,
let's say from the Copernican paradigm to, let's say, more sophisticated Newtonian physics
to then Einsteinian relativity, the shifts always involve political conflict.
And it's not the case that the promulgators of a previous paradigm are rationally convinced
to adopt a new one. It's that they basically get old and die out and there's a coup that takes
place inside the scientific establishment. So he noted that scientific revolutions are also
political revolutions in a sense.
And here's the thing about a scientific revolution based on the recognition of psi
is that because the framing of paradigms is a psychological phenomenon,
people who think that recognition of ESP and PK requires simply a new paradigm
with metaphysical concepts that are more rigorously expressed in certain scientific equations and
formulas are missing the forest for the trees. The revolution that recognizes psi is a revolution
that gives us insight into the psychological mechanisms that frame paradigms in the first place.
So understanding that consciousness really actually sentience on a subconscious level is forming physical
phenomena as they emerge from out of the quantum domain. Understanding that intrinsic co-constitution
of physical reality by consciousness is also to have insight into the psychological mechanism that frames
these paradigms to begin with. So then you can start to recognize, as Martin Heidegger did, that scientific
theories are toolkits. They are not there to polish a mirror that provides us with an objective
representation of some reality that's out there, as if our mind is a mirror, right? And it's representing
an objectively existent reality. No. Scientific paradigms and the theories that any given
paradigm paradigm makes possible are models. It's a technological enterprise. So the epistemic
discoveries in science are derivative of, they're an outgrowth of, an essentially technological enterprise.
In other words, a model building endeavor that involves tools that allow us to achieve different ends.
Okay? So if you think, for example, there's a lot of discourse about this today, that, you know, maybe we took
a wrong turn with Einstein and maybe, you know, the dynamic ether model that Nikola Tesla was proposing and
that perhaps Townsend Brown was working with was the more accurate model of the cosmos and somehow Einstein
went wrong. No, no, no. What we're in need of is a much more radical insight than that, which is that
if you, let's say, want to travel at near the speed of light in a spacecraft, the right model for that is
Einstein. If you want to create a quantum signaling system for like instantaneous communication across vast
interstellar distances, the right model for that is quantum mechanics. That doesn't mean that you're ever
going to have a meta theory that reconciles quantum theory and relativity. If you want to develop a
electrogravitic craft, you know, with a certain kind of, let's say, ability to tap zero point energy as the basis for
propulsion, you're going to need to work with a dynamic ether paradigm that Tesla was starting to
develop. These are different toolkits. They're different models for achieving different ends. And we
have to give up this idea that science is about developing an objective representation of the world
as such, as if that reality, capital R, is separate from our own consciousness.
So this brings up a question. If, uh, actually, uh, tool making for specific ends and politics is
driving science, which is supposed to be immune from politics much more than we realize, then who is
actually in the driver's seat when it comes to these sort of scientific paradigm shifts? Is there
somebody behind Descartes, Kant, you know, any of these sort of myth-making or world-making figures,
Newton, where like the last 400 years is kind of, we, we look at reality based on, you know,
sort of vector calculus because of Newton-Leibnitz, you know?
Yes.
So who is pumping these ideas through these architects?
The religious control system on the planet.
And so what is that?
You know how we're always diving into the edge of science and consciousness on this show?
Lately, I've been thinking a lot about aging, not just in terms of years, but in how it actually
feels in the body. Slow recovery, lower energy, that middle-aged fog that sneaks up on you.
I feel like I can barely go out and drink alcohol anymore. That's why I started using something
called qualia senolytic, and it's been a major shift for me. Let me explain. As we age, our bodies
accumulate what scientists call senescent cells, also known as zombie cells. These are worn out cells that
stop dividing but don't die. They hang around in your body, draining your energy, clogging up your
recovery, and generally making you feel older than you are. Qualia senolytic is a first-of-its-kind
supplement formulated with nine plant-based compounds designed to help your body naturally eliminate
these zombie cells. It's not something you take every day, just two days a month, but it supports
your body in aging better at the cellular level. Since I've started taking it, I've felt sharper,
lighter, and like my body's resilience has come back online. It's vegan, non-GMO, and
grounded in serious research. Experience the science of feeling younger. Go to qualialife.com
slash jesse for up to 50% off your purchase, and use code JESSE, again that's J-E-S-S-E, for an
additional 15% off. That's Q-U-A-L-I-A-L-I-F-E dot com slash jesse, J-E-S-S-E, for an extra 15% off
your purchase. Thanks so much to Qualia for sponsoring this episode. So, you know, this is to
come back around to your first question, which I said, you know, let's not scare the bejesus out of
the listeners right off the bat, right? The thing is, if you spend, you know, any serious time
looking into the UFO phenomenon, and by the way, it's something I've studied for
25 years or something like that. I touched on it toward the end of Prometheus and Atlas,
which was published in 2016. It was my dissertation in 2012, and then was adapted into a book, 2016.
And then I wrote Closer Encounters, my study of the UFO phenomenon. Closer Encounters was published
in 2021. But it's the outcome of like 20 years of preceding research. So anyone who goes into the
UFO phenomenon, you know, with even, you know, half of that depth and, you know, endurance of research,
inevitably realizes that whether you, you know, you want to work through what Jacques Vallée's
uncovered, or whether, you know, you want to, you know, at least look at Zachariah Sitchin's
research, the UFO phenomenon extends through all of recorded human history and most likely into
prehistory. And it's absolutely inseparable from both revealed religious systems like Judeo-Christianity
and Islam, and also more archaic, how could we put it? Let's just say archaic, polytheistic,
ritualistic religions like the religion of ancient Egypt or, you know, the Vedic religion and so on and
so forth. It's very clear that, you know, in the Mahabharata and the Ramayana, the Devas and the
Ashuras, or what in the Greek language we might call the gods and the titans, are exactly the same
beings as, you know, the Elohim, the Elohim in the Bible, or the rebel angels, the Nephilim in the
biblical context. They're the same beings as the Anunnaki in Sumerian scriptures, where, again,
you have two factions. This idea that there are two factions runs through every human religious
belief system on the planet throughout the course of history.
Would you say Prometheus is an archetype of this rebel angel?
Absolutely. So, you know, there's a through line from Enki in the Sumerian myths, to Prometheus
in the Greek context, to Quetzalcoatl in the Mayan context, to, let's say, a leader of the Ashuras
in a Hindu context.
Sort of demigod figure that transgresses on behalf of man against the gods.
Brings forth some sort of sacred technology to them.
Exactly. And in a Judeo-Christian context, of course, this is Lucifer.
Mm-hmm.
Okay? So, you know, you have this story in the Bible about how the serpent offered knowledge
to humanity in Eden. And the reason the humans were kicked out of the garden, where, by the
way, they were workers, because, you know, the nakedness in antiquity was a sign of slave
labor. And we were tillers of the field in Eden for the gods, except we didn't know it.
We didn't know we were naked, meaning we didn't know we were slaves. And this god is threatened
by our being given the discernment to recognize good versus evil, because that would mean we
would realize that our overlord is a bastard who wants to deny us knowledge. And what,
Adonai Elohim, the chief of the gods, says when he casts man out of Eden, or right before he does,
is let us, you know, basically exile them from the garden before they also eat of the tree of life
and become like unto us so that nothing becomes impossible to them. Right? So this is a god who's
jealous and afraid of humans achieving parity with the gods, with the Elohim. And there's this rebel
who's symbolized by the serpent. Now, remember, the serpent is punished by having his legs removed.
And then in the book of Revelation, Satan is referred to as that, the dragon, the great dragon,
that serpent of old. In other words, Lucifer is explicitly identified with the serpent in Eden.
Now, there's all kinds of people who want to argue against this,
because they want to save the Christian narrative in a Gnostic sense. And there are people who try to
identify Jesus himself with Lucifer and so on and so forth. I used to teach comparative religion for
a few years. And so there are all these nuances. But I think the evidence is there to make the case
that the dragon from the book of Revelation is the serpent in Eden. And that's exactly the same
figure as Quetzalcoatl, who's also, you know, represented as a feathered serpent, as a dragon,
essentially. And that's the faction of Enki. And you see the symbol in Egypt, too, of, you know,
the serpents with wings coming out the sides of them, with the sun at the center, the symbol of
the Shema Suhor, the followers of Horus. So you have this through every human culture. And the
narrative is essentially this, that we were created as workers or slaves or servants of some kind of
celestial overlord. And we were put into a caste system, a hierarchy. You know, the word hierarchy
literally means holy order, hierarchy, a hierarchical pyramidal society of the kind you saw in ancient
Egypt, of the kind that you see in the Varna system, the caste system of India, of the Hindu
religion to this day. And at some point, there was a rebellion against this structure. I would say
the most compelling version of the narrative of that rebellion is the one you find in Plato.
Plato's story about Atlantis. But people get hung up on the name Atlantis. If there was such a
civilization, probably, you know, its denizens didn't refer to it as Atlantis. Plato uses that term
because it signifies something very powerful. Atlantis means the realm of Atlas. And as I point
out in my book, Prometheus and Atlas, Atlas is a very powerful metaphor. The idea of Atlas, of someone who
has mapped the entire world and bears the earth on his shoulders, right? And actually, the globe that
Atlas is bearing on his shoulders is not a terrestrial map. It's a star globe, which is what
mariners use to navigate the world, right? And so it's this idea of basically developing a knowledge
of the heavens and a mastery over the whole earth and modeling the earth so that we wind up with,
let's say, medical atlases. Atlas is a term for a model, right? So this is integral to the model
building enterprise of technological science. So the idea of Atlantis archetypally is the idea of a
demigod society, which as Plato says, wanted to empower humans and was hybridizing itself with
the lot of humanity, right? And thereby lifting up humanity, not just psychically and intellectually,
but also genetically lifting up humanity. It's the idea of using technological science to
unlock the secrets of the heavens and achieve parity with the gods so that you no longer need
to be a servile worshiper of some kind of overlord. And this is what Plato tells us was the great sin
of the Atlanteans, is that they stopped sacrificing to the gods and worshiping them so that Zeus basically
calls the convocation of the Olympians and decides to wipe the world clean in what we more commonly
know as Noah's flood, right? And so the biblical story of Noah is exactly the same thing, especially
when you look at, you know, in Genesis 6, right? There's a whole part of that story that's clearly
been excised. So in Genesis 6, all of a sudden we're told like in rapid succession, oh, well, you know,
there was great iniquity on the earth and God decided to wipe the entire earth clean and the
flood. Wait a minute here. And the sons of the Elohim came down and they found the daughters of
man fair and they, you know, interbred with them and so on and so forth. And the earth was full of
iniquity. Seriously, in two paragraphs, you're going to tell us that God regretted the entire creation
and wiped the whole world clean, right? There's a backstory here. And you find the backstory preserved
in the book of Enoch, which was first discovered in Ethiopia. And it clearly was at one point part
of the Tanakh and was excised, you know, due to whatever, you know, kind of, you know, theological
power game that whoever was playing. He was so confident that it was part of the original Tanakh.
For sure. For sure. Because the story makes no sense without it. And what you see in the book of
Enoch is a direct hebraic parallel to what you see in Plato's account of Atlantis. And then, you know,
other cultures have their own versions of that. The Mayans do too.
In Enoch, it's the Watchers or whatever. And so, okay, how does all of this connect
to the UFO story? Because you hear, I don't know, like, for example, Diana Pasolka came
on my podcast and she said, you know, Jacques Vallée is very interested in the devil and demons
and fallen angels.
I'm having lunch with Jacques Vallée. So we're in his study and it's really amazingly beautiful
here in the Bay Area. And he starts to explain a couple of things to me. And I noticed a bunch
of books on shelves and I noticed those things, right?
Yeah.
So I go and I start to look to see what he has on this one shelf. And then he takes one
of the books off. And it was a book about angels. And he says, of course, you can't have one without
the other, right? Because he picked up another book and he said, you need to read this book.
And whenever he says that to me, of course, I'm going to get the book and read it. But
this one was weird. So he showed it to me and it was the history of Satan. It just had
these big words on it that says Satan. And again, if I wasn't a little bit concerned before,
I was absolutely concerned at that point. I was like, you know, Jacques Vallée is handing
me this book that says Satan on it. And so he said, look at the pagination. So I, you
know, looked at the pagination. It was 666.
Whoa.
Yeah. I thought that was so, you know, of course, it was a really weird moment. And he said
that in the States, we think of the, we think of Satan or the devil as really, really terrible.
Right. But, you know, he said that the French, they have a different view of it and it's a
much, it's less sensationalist. That's what he was saying.
So what does all of this have to do with the modern kind of UFO topic?
Well, you know, I knew Jacques Vallée, uh, for a while and, um, I spoke to him this
morning, actually. Yeah. So after, I think it was six, six, seven, within nine months of
the time Prometheus and Atlas came out, he had invited me to his home and we had a nice
dinner and, and, uh, fairly intimate conversation. And I brought this question up with him and
because we were discussing basically, and we'll come around to this time travel and whether,
you know, he believed that these were basically humans that were, uh, reaching back into our
epoch from the future and that essentially, you know, there was a breakaway civilization
that, um, had developed a hyper-dimensional relationship to the various space times of
the epochs of human history. That a, a breakaway civilization with time travel essentially was
able to have a fifth dimensional relationship with the various 4D space times of different
human historical epochs. Right. And I basically said to him, well, some sort of multiverse
management system. Yes. And I think that's a branch management system. And I think that's
definitely part of what's going on. Right. So how I start my book, Closer Encounters is I lay
out all the different hypotheses. Of course, the ETH, the extraterrestrial hypothesis, and then,
you know, time travel, interdimensional hypothesis, uh, the psychic projections hypothesis,
um, crypto terrestrial meaning survivors of Atlantis, which we're touching on here. Uh, and, um,
ultimately also avatars of a simulacrum. Are we living in a simulacrum? Are these in some sense
avatars, uh, from the programming level of the simulacrum, which is something that Valet as a
computer scientist also has intimated in various writings of his. So, but the point is this, that,
you know, we were discussing this, you know, hyperdimensional, extratemporal, uh, relationship
that these entities have to humans in various historical epochs. And I said, well, if this is
what you think, why don't you, why aren't you more direct about expressing that? And he said,
because it involves, um, deeply entrenched religious sensibilities of various societies,
and there's a sociological dimension to this that could be catastrophic in terms of religious
belief systems.
Well, you're skipping over one part, which is what does he think? What is the relationship
between, you know, the devil, demonic, and, and, and UFOs and all this stuff?
Uh, I didn't pin him down on that, so I don't want to speak for him, but I suspect that what a lot
of people are concerned about, including people in the deep state of our own government, first and
foremost, uh, is that the, the bad guys won. In the struggle over reshaping human history,
we wound up losing a rebellion against the control system that abides to this day.
And the meta narratives that have dominated the rise and fall of various societies throughout the
course of history, including, for example, the destruction of the secular humanistic culture
of the late Roman empire, you know, uh, the library of Alexandria, libraries of Corinth, the entire,
you know that, um, I'm getting this figure from Carl Sagan. We lost 98% of the knowledge of classical
antiquity. They, they have actually done studies based on like the references that we do have to
other texts by various authors in the classical manuscripts that have survived. And they've been
able to do a reconstruction that shows that we lost at least 98% of the knowledge of classical
antiquity. Well, who does that benefit? Let's talk about a guilt-free alternative to alcohol that's
perfect for your dry January or any time you want to unwind. Cornbread's organic CBD gummies. These gummies
are an absolute lifesaver for my evening routine. They're a natural way to relax, celebrate, or wind down
without the hangover. I've cut back a lot on my alcohol consumption over the last few years. For a
lot of you trying out dry January or cutting back generally, it's not always easy, but swapping that
glass of wine for cornbread CBD gummies is a total game changer. It's a simple upgrade to your evening
routine that leaves you feeling great the next day without sacrificing the fun. Plus with all natural
ingredients, they're the perfect way to stay balanced. Cornbread hemp isn't just a product. It's a small way to
bring balance into your life. Whether you're journaling, meditating, or simply enjoying some downtime, these
gummies elevate the experience without any of the guilt. It's like having a moment of calm in your pocket, ready
whenever you need it. Alcohol doesn't have to be the default anymore. Whether you're cutting back for dry
January or just looking for a healthier way to relax, you've got to try cornbread CBD gummies. Right now, American
Alchemy listeners can save 30% on their first order. Just head to cornbreadhemp.com slash Jesse and use
code Jesse at checkout. Again, that's cornbreadhemp.com slash Jesse, code Jesse. Cornbread hemp, this is the
good life. Who benefits through all these resets of human societies? Another horrendous one. Yeah, that's
really interesting. Islamic conquest of Iran. At least as bad as the Judeo-Christian takeover of the
Roman Empire. Yeah. So, and you have all this kind of forbidden archaeology where you see like
precocious advancements in past civilizations that shouldn't really exist. Whether it's like a Sumerian
model of the heliocentric universe or the antique theorem mechanism, which is this, you know, kind of
ancient, you know, kind of almost like astronomically aligned computer system that is found on this,
you know, shipwreck in the Aegean Sea. You have, you have a bunch of examples of this.
Yes. So on the one hand, you have what look like gifts, gifts from Prometheus to speak archetypally.
And on the other hand, you have attempts to decimate human knowledge and engineer regression and
retardation to basically, you know, uh, reverse human progress. And one of the most interesting
episodes. Who would that benefit? The sort of, this sort of, you know, whoever's running the
control system. Malthusian, you know, feast and famine sort of cyclical, you know, cataclysm thing
that, that would benefit whoever's running the control. Exactly. Do you have a model of who that
is or? Yeah, I do. Who is it? I do. So, okay. The devil's in the details or, or maybe we should
invert the, the religious symbolism there. Right. Um, but let me just, uh, point to, to one
interesting example of this, you know, right before the Renaissance took place, right? I
mean, Renaissance is obviously an example of a, well, a, a rebirth of the will to know
and human cultivation, both artistically and scientifically, right? I mean, Prometheus, uh,
didn't just bring science to humanity. Prometheus brought techne both in the sense of the arts and
the sciences. And so the Renaissance is a quintessentially Promethean phenomenon.
It's interesting that immediately before the Renaissance, you had these huge UFO battles
over various European cities and they're reflected in the broadsheets of the time, the newspapers
of the time in Basel, Switzerland, in Nuremberg, in Germany, they show these huge battles between
objects in the sky. Really?
Yeah. And some of them, I mean, you can, you know, the pick, uh, valets reprinted them
in wonders in the sky. There are a number of texts on the UFO phenomenon. These are newspapers
that show huge triangular craft spheres of various colors attacking each other. Some of them falling
from out of the sky in battles that took place in several places, uh, over central Europe.
This is like 15th century or just before the Renaissance, 1400s, 1400s. Yeah. So just before
the, so to me, that looks like the rebel faction gaining ground and opening up a space for humanity
to progress again for a while. Right now there was also, uh, and it's interesting. So you think
that like these celestial battles take place right before there's some airdropping of human
technology or something? Look, I don't want to reduce human agency, you know, um, by, by calling
it an airdropping, but I wouldn't be surprised if there was a little help. Right. But at the very
least, Valet would say donations. Yeah. Yeah. And at the very least there was a safeguarding of a space
for human development and, you know, the rebirth of ingenuity and so forth. But then, you know, uh,
as I was mentioning earlier, let's say the Jesuit order tried to capture that and control it again
through, you know, uh, a front man like Descartes, where you had somebody like Giordano Bruno developing
a very holistic sort of, you know, how can I put it? Hermetic, uh, alchemical matrix for what could
have been a very different form of modern science. And that was destroyed through the reductive
dualistic, uh, model of Descartes, right? With where everything in the physical world can only
be understood in terms of mechanistic causality and then whatever spiritual can't be discussed
rationally. And therefore, uh, you know, the church continues to have a monopoly over that discourse.
So there were attempts to then basically suffocate the Renaissance and warp the, the energies of the
Renaissance to have it miscarry into what became, uh, materialistic reductionistic modern science.
Yeah. You have this great book. Um, I think Francis Yates, the Rosicrucian enlightenment,
she talks about King Frederick sort of housing a lot of these heretical thinkers, John D.
Um, Edward Kelly. Um, and I think Giordano Bruno as well. Uh, and then, uh, there's this war and I
think Descartes fights on the other side of the war, which is really interesting. And so, you know,
it's almost symbolic that, uh, you have this kind of, you know, fighter in the world of, of reason
actually engaging in this battle against the literal people housing or providing safe haven to
some of these more heretical thinkers who are claiming to commune directly with angels and that
sort of thing. That's right. And, you know, the Renaissance was supposed to take place in the
1300s. If you look at, what does that mean? Well, they missed their programming. Uh, if you look at,
you know, the, the trajectory of cultural development in the so-called middle ages, right.
You start to see the development of academies and the rudiments of, um, empirical
investigations into nature in the late 1200s. And, you know, people like Paracelsus and Cornelius
Agrippa and the great alchemists come from out of this, out of this cultural development.
This is where the Faust story comes from, right? The, the legend of Dr. Faustus. It's that period
in the late 1200s, early 1300s. And then what happened? The Black Plague. When you look at
accounts of what actually went on during the Black Plague and here, you know, the work of William
Bramley is absolutely indispensable. He wrote this, this book, uh, The Gods of Eden. And as far as I can
tell, Bramley had like, he wrote this masterful text and then he never went back to the UFO phenomenon.
So he's the furthest thing from a grifter, like who just wanted to write one book after another about
this stuff, right? No, he, he, he settled it and that was it. You know, he had what he, he said what
he had to say. So Bramley started out as a very conventional researcher trying to understand,
uh, war profiteering. He, he wanted to understand, you know, who was behind engineering all these wars
throughout history and whether like there was some systematic way in which profiteering was taking
place through large scale engineered human suffering. And he was thinking, okay, like bankers and like
banking elites and shit like that. Right. Yeah. And he finds UFOs. How does he, how does he connect
that? That's fascinating. So he goes in detail through like, uh, you know, archival material
that's left from various historical epochs, including in this case, the middle ages. And he
notices that at the time the Black Plague breaks out, there are many UFO sightings. There are sightings
of objects that land in fields. It was so prominent that hysteria broke out about it in the
French court and Charlemagne was considering declaring war on the tyrants of the air.
During the reign of Charlemagne, there were many accounts of encounters with tyrants of
the air and their aerial ships. These accounts so concerned Charlemagne that those reporting
such strange phenomena were subject to torture and death. Here is one recorded event given
between the 8th and 9th century in France.
One day, among other instances, it chanted Lyon that three men and a woman were seen descending
from these aerial ships. The entire city gathered about them saying that they were magicians sent
by Charlemagne's enemy to destroy the French harvest. In vain, the four innocents sought to vindicate
themselves saying that they were their own country folks and had been carried away a short time since
by miraculous men who had shown them unheard of marvels. Luckily, the Bishop of Lyon pronounced
the incident as false, saying it was not true these men had fallen from the sky and what the town
folks said they had seen there was impossible. The people believed what their good bishop said
rather than their own eyes and set in liberty the four ambassadors from the ship.
And this is where the whole Magonia thing that Valais talks about, this is that period where, you know,
you had these people supposedly coming from Magonia and some of them were arrested. And then this Bishop
Agobard, who was like a proto-rationalist, came up with the justification for why this couldn't possibly
be real. So these guys got let go and they went back to their airships or whatever the hell.
But here's the really creepy part about this research that Bramley did, is that he found that
the plague broke out only after these people would land in the fields, come out of these objects,
land in the fields, and they would go around with these hoods on and these spray cans that became
the basis for the scythe and the Grim Reaper image. They were shrouded and they had these things,
okay, from out of which stuff would spray. And it became the image of the scythe and the
iconography of the Grim Reaper. And not only were they spraying the fields,
they would sometimes walk through towns and people would be terrified and go into their
homes. And these guys would walk and deliver door-to-door service, spraying the doors of
individual homes where then the plague would break out shortly thereafter. Okay? So it was
biological warfare. And you know what the result of that was? A mass retreat back into religious
fundamentalism. We were about to have the Renaissance in the late 1200s, early 1300s.
And then all of a sudden this Black Plague comes, people are terrified, it decimates the population
of Europe. So it also reduces the industrial work base for a scientific industrial revolution.
And worst of all, it causes people to retreat back into a regressive religious belief system.
So what's Bramley's conclusion as to what the connection is between UFOs and war profiteering?
He thinks that basically these plague promulgators are representing the same faction that was lording
over humanity in the Sumerian epoch through the name of Enki or whatever. The Anunnaki is aligned
with Enki or the Elohim in the, you know, Old Testament or the Devas, you know, to put it in Hindu
terms. Richard Thompson, you know, he's the guy who co-authored Forbidden Archaeology with Michael
Cremo. Richard Thompson has written a great UFO book, like looking very carefully at Hindu scriptures,
such as Ramayana and Mahabharata. I think it's called alien identities. Now, granted, he's coming
from out of a Hare Krishna tradition, and so he has his own religious commitments and so forth. But
you can filter that out and just look at the empirical analysis. And it's very clear from
Thompson's analysis in that book that, you know, the Devas who are worshipped by, I don't know,
a billion Hindus or something, are these entities. So, you know, we're in a very unfortunate position,
right? If, in fact, we're inside of a control system governed by people who want us to remain
subordinates and are doing everything that they can so that we don't achieve parity with them. Now,
obviously, this has tremendous implications in terms of any so-called disclosure.
Because UFO disclosure, in the context of the, you know, modern, you know, industrial or whatever
you want to say, post-industrial, you know, economy that we have today, would mean our rapidly achieving
technological parity with these people. And by the way, we'll come back to this, but this whole NHI
discourse really bothers me. Well, who are these people? Yeah, exactly. Who are these people?
So the NHI is like a psyop against the idea that there's actually just a strata of people?
I think this is what's so deeply disturbing to most researchers. And it's the deepest secret that's
being covered up by various governments in the world. It's easier for the average, you know, person
to imagine even a hostile threat emerging from deep space that has nothing like a human face.
Because you can, you know, compartmentalize it. It's like, you know, a war of the worlds or whatever,
right? But the idea that what's really going on here is that there's a Hegelian master-slave
dialectic at work in human history, and that the masters in that dialectic have so raised themselves
above the common law of humanity that they appear as angels or celestial beings or whatever,
and that they've used that mask in order to keep us inside regressive belief systems
and to render us useful to them. So, okay, we have to look at the details of various cases
if we want to get at who these people are, right? And how their society came about and how this power
structure was developed in the first place.
Are these humans with psy abilities or are they beings from elsewhere or who are they?
Okay. So, let's briefly, again, you know, you've done like a plethora of interviews going into
specific cases, so we don't want to get too bogged down, you know, in the nitty-gritty of cases here,
but it's important to refer to a few empirical cases here. So, Ingo Swann, in the 1970s into the
1980s, did remote viewings of both the moon and of Mars. In the 1970s, he was taken from out of the,
the SRI program, the SRI program that eventually became Stargate and Grill Flame and whatever.
He was taken from out of that into some other black unit, which, you know, he never learned
what the name of it was. Some guy who he calls, who identified himself as Axelrod, took him like
blindfolded by helicopter into some facility, and he was asked to remote view this target, of course,
which he was blind to. It turned out that the target was the moon.
And now, bear in mind, just, you know, that at this point, we had detailed satellite reconnaissance
photography of the moon. An important case in this regard is the testimony of Carl Wolff. Carl Wolff
had tested, he was a photographic repair expert, and at that time, sergeant in the early 1960s,
leading up to the Apollo missions. And at one point, he was brought to what he thought was an
NSA facility, because he didn't, sorry, he thought was a NASA facility, because he'd never heard of
the NSA. A lot of Americans hadn't. It turned out it was an NSA facility that was processing lunar
orbiter reconnaissance photos. And Carl Wolff, long story short, he says he, in the course of repairing
this machine, was shown photographs, mosaic photographs, of a huge megalithic city on the
dark side of the moon. That there was a city with largely polygonal architecture, titanic scale
structures, but they weren't made of metal and glass, they were made of something that, you know,
to him looked like poured stone, like concrete or something. And in fact, they reminded him of,
you know, megalithic architecture on the earth. Now back to Ingo Swann. So point being, if Carl
Wolff saw mosaic photographs in the 1960s, Swann in the 70s is being tasked to remote view the moon
by people who have access to these photographs. So I'm thinking they want him...
And Carl Wolff died a mysterious death after he...
Exactly. So by the way, Carl Wolff, this is horrible. You know, so I mean, what are we
discussing? Disclosure and how disclosure could be manipulated. Well, just before this wave of
so-called disclosure began in 2017, 2018, poor Carl Wolff was run over just the way John Mack was run
over, you know. And I hardly think it's a coincidence because he would definitely have been one of the
people subpoenaed to testify. And what Carl Wolff had to say is something that nobody, you know,
whoever's gatekeeping this whole disclosure business does not want out there in the public.
In any case, Ingo Swann in the 1970s, when he was remote viewing what was on the moon,
was dealing with people who had access to these photographs. And I think what they wanted
was for him to snoop around on the ground, as it were, get a ground's eye view of this city on the
dark side of the moon. And here's what he saw there. He saw tall Nordic people, statuesque Nordic
people, who gave him a look like, you don't belong here, get the fuck out of here and don't come back.
And he saw these same people lording over basically armies of slave laborers, who he said were naked,
meaning that they're probably under some kind of a dome that we can't see, transparent dome or
something. And they were living in these like ramshackle, like makeshift shelters under appalling
conditions, conducting slave labor on the moon. Swan also remote viewed Mars in the early 80s.
And he said these same people who he had seen on the moon were responsible for a civilization,
the ruins of which he viewed on Mars. There were very large, like honeycomb cities,
which he said showed evidence of explosions, internal explosions. Like, you know, he said he
had the impression that a battle had taken place there.
What's funny you say that there's a PhD physics who's, I think he worked at San Diego or Los Alamos
and also Lawrence Livermore. His name is John Brandenburg. And he says that xenon-129 and argon-40
exist in excess of what you would ever expect just from natural radioactive isotope decay. And that
proves that there was actually some nuclear holocaust on Mars.
Well, they found a large amount of xenon-129, which is the product of two things,
supernova explosions, and hydrogen bomb explosions. And we know there was no supernova on Mars.
If there was, there wouldn't be a solar system here.
And you said there was one other argon?
There was a, also there's a, when you irradiate rocks that have potassium in them,
and all rocks do, they produce a isotope called argon-40. And that's super abundant on Mars.
So you have two things that are products of what look like an intense nuclear reaction on Mars in
the atmosphere.
Yeah. I spent several days with Dr. Brandenburg in New Mexico, and I put this in Closer Encounters,
this research of Dr. Brandenburg, that basically the deviation from normal of the isotopic ratio of
xenon-129 in Cydonia specifically, where we have photographic evidence of ruins on Mars,
the xenon-129 isotopic signature at Cydonia, he has discovered, is only matched by thermonuclear
test sites on the Earth. It's the only other place in the solar system where we see that kind
of signature. And he came to that conclusion when he was working at Sandia Labs, which is
where, you know, nuclear weapons research takes place in the United States. Okay. So there's evidence
that some kind of a nuclear confrontation took place on Mars. And by the way-
And Carl Sagan called him and said, hey, John, why are you, why are you, you know, causing so
much trouble?
Yeah.
I found that very interesting. Carl Sagan, who held definitely security clearances and
knew more than-
I'm pretty convinced Sagan was a member of Majestic.
That would make sense to me. Yeah. Yeah. Because he sort of flipped to anti- he was
very interested in UFOs, we know, earnestly interested growing up. His mentor, he would
have debates, you know.
Yeah. A book he wrote was Shlovsky, the Soviet scientist. He co-wrote Intelligent Life in
the Universe. And Sagan himself at that point was saying, you know, we should look at ancient
myths and check the archaeological and historical record for contact and so on and so forth.
There you go.
And then all of a sudden-
And he had a security clearance, I think, project, was it A119, I think, in the late
50s, where they were considering nuking the moon as a show of force against the Soviets.
And he had a security clearance through the Air Force through that. And then it was interesting,
he sort of flipped into anti-UFO mode and like almost official priestly citadel spokesman
of the American scientific community, right as J. Allen Hynek moved from, you know, rationalizing,
explaining everything away via Project Blue Book, the official Air Force fake program,
into more openness. So like it was like kind of late 60s, early 70s. It's kind of this
interesting kind of, you know, thing.
And he was the right age by that point to be recruited into such an organization, you
know. In any case, Brandenburg came to the conclusion that something like an Empire State's,
an Empire State Building's worth of nuclear weapons had been detonated to produce that kind
of a deviation of Xenon 129, Isisdope at Sidonia. But so Swan saw evidence of this on the ground,
okay, like a devastated civilization. And he said it was the same people who he saw on the
moon as basically slave drivers. Now, unbeknownst to Swan, and by the way, when Swan remote viewed
Mars, he worked with a team of, I believe, five other remote viewers. And they were all,
you know, they did it independently, right? And they're all blind to the target. But unbeknownst
to that whole team led by Ingo Swan, in 1984, I think it was the same year, in 1984, Joe McMonegal
at the Monroe Institute did a remote viewing of Mars for the CIA.
Really? I thought it was in the 90s.
No, 1984.
1984.
Yeah. Go look it up. The paper's available now. It's been declassified. You can read the
whole report.
Yeah.
It's been declassified by the CIA.
And it's 1984. I believe the title is Mars 1 million BC.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And because initially they say to him, go to Mars like 1 million BC. That's what's in the
envelope, right? But what he said to them was when McMonegal wound up there, he said,
oh, it's all in ruins. It's, it's, there were people once here. I see like ghosts of people
who once were, but they're not here anymore.
I saw people who were 12 to 14 feet tall.
So then they, yeah.
And their mids.
Yes, yes. So they said to him, okay, well, if it's devastated and the people aren't around
anymore, go back to when they were around. Now he never reports on how far back that
was. He just goes mentally to when they still had a civilization.
So they go back to 1 million and there's some recent ruin. Then he goes back further.
Exactly.
Now.
Now, these people are the same again as Swan saw very tall, sort of Nordic people, very
broad shouldered people, not an ounce of body fat. They had, they're wearing these skin tight
clothes, you know, that reveal every contour of every muscle. And he says some very interesting
things about their worldview, their outlook, uh, and their dying civilization. But what's most
interesting is this, he says that a group of them were sent out in a craft to go scout out
a new world that they could possibly develop as a habitation for themselves because Mars
was no longer a planet on which they could survive. Right. And this scout ship runs into a planet
where there are constant electrical storms. Uh, it's the opposite of Mars, but in a way that's also
difficult to support human life. In other words, it's overgrown with vegetation, right? It's an
incredibly volatile, but living planet. And they, they're like, we can't live in this planet under
these conditions. We would have to modify this planet to live there. And so I suspect that what's
going on there is the scouting out of a primordial earth by people from Mars, which then brings us to
the question of the moon, you know, and what the moon is, right? I mean, so we've got Carl Wolf telling
us there's a city on the dark side of the moon. We've got Ingo Swan having done remote viewing that
confirms that. But I think that the situation with the moon is, is actually a lot more disturbing than
there simply being, you know, a city sized alien base on the backside of the alien, whatever
base on the backside of the moon. You look at the, the geometry and the mathematics of, of the moon
in relation to the earth and the sun, it makes no sense. The moon is one four hundredth the distance
between the earth and the sun. And it's one four hundredth the size of the sun. And so that creates
these perfect eclipses that we see, right? That by itself is very odd. And then you look
at the fact that the craters on the moon are all only a few miles deep. You never find a
crater on the moon that's more than five or six miles deep. But some of these craters are
like 186 miles wide, right? So, and at the, you know, the base of the largest craters, you
see a convex surface. In other words, it looks nothing like the Grand Canyon or the Valles
Marineris on Mars, where like, you know, an asteroid would hit it and you'd see a deep gouge
that should be proportionally as deep as it is wide. No. What you're seeing apparently is a hard
shell that's being revealed through the impact against the regolith by whatever object is. The
ejecta is going 186 miles out in every direction, but there's never a crater deeper than a few
miles. And what's being revealed there at the crater base is a hard convex surface.
Then there's the impact. Well, one of them was a test. One of them was accidental. The first one,
I think part of an Apollo lander hit the moon and there was a seismograph that had already been
positioned there. And it registered basically the seismic signature that you would face if you were
measuring a hollow object. That basically the reverberations went down for about 20 miles
and then they stopped. And the way that the reverberation was distributed throughout the moon
suggested that as the observers, you know, put it, it rang like a bell. And so then they repeated this
test deliberately a second time, I think it was an Apollo 13. And this time they hit it with a more
significant impact. And this kind of seismic signature was observed for three hours, the moon
basically ringing like a hollow object for three hours. So there's all this evidence that the moon is
an artificial satellite. And setting this in the context of Joe McMonigle's remote viewing of Mars,
what I argue in closer encounters is that the people on Mars probably constructed the moon
for two purposes. One, as a very large scale transport of a significant population from Mars to the orbit
of the Earth. And two, as a terraforming device to radically alter the ecological situation of the
planet so as to make it habitable for humans, right? They said there were these horrendous constant
electrical storms and volcanic eruptions and so on and so forth. Well, you know, the Earth spun a lot
faster before the, if the moon had not been in orbit at some point, we would have been dealing with a
planet that was a lot more unstable, spinning much faster, prone to toppling over. The moon acts as a
tremendous stabilizer for the Earth. By the way, that's another thing about the moon is that it has
a unusually stable orbit as compared to the moons around other planets, as if there's a stabilizer
inside of it. So I think it was created to transport a large population and it was used as a terraforming
device. Now, to answer your deeper question, what does that say about who these people are,
right? Number one, it says that they're people. So NHI is not an appropriate appellation for these
individuals, right? They look like us, particularly they look Nordic, and they appear to have been the
progenitors of the human race. Not only that, they appear to have terraformed the Earth to make it
habitable for humanoids. But I have one huge problem with all of that. The time scales.
It makes no sense whatsoever to me that you would have people who look like us,
I don't know, millions of years BC on Mars. The same people
are basically, you know, I don't know, involved in the power struggle that's been remembered as the
myth of the Atlantean revolt. The same people are being encountered today by, let's say, Travis Walton
when Walton was abducted. First, he had to deal with these greys, these little robotic entities
that, you know, tried to put him back together after he, you know, sustained some kind of physical
damage being thrown by the, you know, electrogravitic repulsion of the craft. But then he, you know,
big strapping fellow that he was, he broke free of the control of these robots and the
medical facility or whatever went down the hallway and he bumped into these Nordics.
And from there on, he was handled by these people. He said they looked like they could
all have been members of the same family.
I went into another room where there was a chair. There was some kind of a projection or
some kind of a viewing thing in this room where you could see a map of stars. A man came in
while I was trying to find a way out there. And this was a human looking person. They had
passed in a crowd, this individual, and on earth. He was bigger than me, taller and more muscular,
very large individual. I went up and tried to talk to this guy and he didn't answer me. He led me
outside of this craft that I was in, which was apparently parked inside of a large room or
building or a larger craft and led me out of this room into another room where some other beings like
himself put me unconscious. When I regained consciousness, I found myself laying on the
roadway that I saw a craft hovering there that just sat there for a second and just shot straight
up. That's the last I've seen of.
And then you have cases like, you know, Betty, Andreas, and Luca, where, again, you have her
taken, she's frozen together with her family by grays who come into the house. This is a 1960s
housewife. And her and her daughter, Becky, I believe, were both taken. And initially they're
handled by the grays who frees the, you know, the family and abduct them from the home. But then
they are brought to a place where they encounter these angelic looking Nordic beings who proceed to
tell Betty that essentially they're the angels and that the little grays are responsible for
writing down all the deeds of humans. They're like a mass surveillance system that keeps a record of
everybody's life. And these tall angelic beings told her that they brought Christ into the world
and don't worry, they're going to bring him back again soon. And while she was with them, and by the
way, she didn't say they took her into space. They seem to have taken her somewhere underground or
underwater. And while she was there, she noticed this like doorway or large mirror or something
that led toward this light. And some of these little gray entities went into the light and they
told her, you can't go in there. That's the one, that's the source. And that sent Jesus into the
world and will again soon, right? So a couple of points I want to make through, you know, these various
cases. One is that we often hear these narratives where these, you know, tall statuesque, beautiful
Nordics are pitted against these ugly little transhumanist gray robots. And, you know, like
the Eisenhower story that, you know, Eisenhower met with the Nordics first and then, you know, he met
with the grays and the grays made him a better deal because the Nordics wanted us to get rid of our
nuclear weapons. The grays said, no, we'll give you our technology. Just let us abduct a certain number of
people each year. This is extremely dubious to me, this narrative, because there are plenty of cases
that attest to the fact that the grays are some kind of a cybernetic robot that work for these
Nordics. And the Nordics appear to be the ones in control. So if there's a narrative that's being
promulgated of, you know, beneficent Nordics versus like inhuman monstrous grays, I think it's some kind of
good cop, bad cop.
Bait and switch that's being set up here to ultimately put us in a position of
captivation. And you first see this in 1950s Italy. There's a case that I cover in Closer
Encounters. This guy, Bruno Samaciccia and his associates were engaged by these Nordics who had
underground bases. And they claimed, first of all, as you see with all these cases of encounters with
Nordics, demonstration of tremendous psi abilities. These Nordics are all telepathic. They can perform,
you know, impressive telekinetic feats and so on and so forth. But what this Bruno Samaciccia and his
associates said is that these Nordics were so benevolent, like they would never harm a fly.
But they told us that there were these other entities, the Contrari, the CTR, the Contrari,
who are these little robotic entities. And they're soulless. And they just want to, you know,
they want control over the human soul because they don't have souls themselves. And they're locked in a
millennial battle with these beings. So this Nordics versus Grey narrative goes all the way back to the
1950s. Interestingly, Samaciccia makes a little note that, you know, at one point it occurred to me that the SS
were involved in eugenics programs and there were rumors that after the war, these eugenics programs were
continued in secret in underground facilities and so on and so forth. And I wonder whether these people that we saw,
and they also saw very young people fitting this Nordic type, were basically products, outcomes of
such programs that had begun in the Second World War. He engages, albeit briefly, in that kind of
speculation. So long story short, my point is that these people are integral to human history and to the
development of human society. We're not dealing with something that's coming from the outside. And I'd be
very suspicious of, you know, claims by, let's say, you know, George Adamski saying that so-and-so
Furkan told him that he was from Mars, or George Van Tassel saying that he was dealing with Venusians,
or Billy Meyer telling us about the, you know, beneficent Pleiadians who are going to come to save us all,
right? These beings are incredibly deceptive. I mean, deception is part of their MO. Jacques Vallée
picks up on this in the context of the fairy folklore of the Middle Ages. I mean, one very
consistent thing that you see in encounters with the gentry, the elite fairies in Brittany and in
Ireland and so on and so forth, is that the peasants know that these beings lie all the time. They lie all
the time about everything. And they only call them the good folk, because otherwise they'll get pissed
off and learn what they'll do to you. So I think we're dealing with a faction of humanity that's
positioned itself as a sort of overlord or master caste above the common herd. And they have adopted
all kinds of guises and disguises to, you know, strategically deceive us for the sake of the
preservation of their control system. How do you answer the time scale question? So you were
saying, you know, if you have millions of years ago, these, you know, beings that looked like us
existed on Mars, and then you have, you know, greys acting as their sort of robotic little drone
emissaries. How does that necessarily answer this question of, you know, time scale?
So the biggest problem with UFO disclosure is that the zero point energy electrogravitic
propulsion system is not just going to give you a craft that travels from New York to Australia in
an hour, right? It's going to give you a flying time machine. So you remember in the 1950s, I believe
you've covered the subject before. And I go into it in some depth in Closer Encounters. There were
these newspaper articles quoting the chairman of Martin Aircraft, Lear Convair, saying that the G
engines are coming, that we've cracked anti-gravity. And within a few years, at a cost comparable to the
Manhattan Project, we can have industrial scale development of electrogravitic craft that will get
you from New York to Australia in an hour. Here's the problem, though. What they didn't realize,
and I think what was explained to them when they finally got the memo, is that these are flying time
machines. They mess with the spatiotemporal fabric in a way that causes time dilation and time
displacement. And I have this also on personal testimony, which I've told the story before, but I
never revealed who told me this. In this case, I will. Because, man, the guy is old. And, you know,
if anyone, you know, nobody at this point should be wanting to cause him any trouble in his life.
Lynn Buchanan, in his living room, told me a story about how, at one point, he was taken to a Lockheed
facility in California, deep underground facility. He said that it was like a shack on the side of the
road. And you went into this shack, and all of a sudden, the floor of the place dropped. The whole thing
was an elevator. And it took you down, I don't know how many hundreds of feet, through solid rock.
And he came out into this facility where they had reconstructed, FAA style, a collision between an
airliner and a UFO. Like the way that FAA reconstructs airline collisions.
What do you mean, reconstructing?
Like, you know, when there's been a plane crash, the FAA will lay out the pieces of the craft
to emulate the moment of impact.
Whoa.
And with like little flags and stuff.
So like a model of it?
No, no. They take the wreckage. They take the wreckage.
And they reassemble it as best they can.
So he saw a shattered UFO.
Exactly. With a civilian. I don't know if it was civilian airliner, an aircraft, a human aircraft.
But maybe it was a military one. I don't know. He didn't say it.
Anyway, they had this reconstruction. And the reason they brought him there is that they were
trying to figure out how this UFO works. And there was something about the guidance system
that they couldn't figure out. And he wanted, they wanted him to remote view how this thing
was used by the pilots. Anyway, here's the important thing, is that when he was at this
facility, he says that they conveyed to him that they were training pilots to fly UFOs.
I don't know whether the recovered UFOs or reverse engineered UFOs based on their design,
but they were training American pilots to fly these UFOs.
And the biggest problem was time displacement. That these craft would, you know, you couldn't
travel through space with them without some degree of time displacement. And that was incredibly
disorienting to the pilots. So they had developed models for how much time displacement there would
be based on warping of space time by the electrogravitic drive. And they were trying to teach this to
these pilots so that their brains weren't scrambled by time travel, essentially.
So I have that testimony also to confirm what I think is already a very sound theoretical
speculation. And Michael Masters goes into this in his book on UFOs and time travel, which
I cite in Closer Encounters, that the zero point energy drive is going to give you a time machine,
not just a propulsion platform. So why do people look like, I don't know, Nordic, you know,
Olympic swimmers, millions of years, BC on Mars. And, you know, how is there such a
continuity, not just of the looks of the people, of the architecture, what McMoneagle and Swan
saw on Mars was a style of architecture that matches the most titanic megalithic structures
on Earth. And that's also the style in which that city was built on the dark side of the moon,
which, you know, Carl Wolf saw the photographs of, which Ingo Swan wandered around, okay,
through astral projection. Why is there a consistent style of architecture over millions and millions
of years? Because it's not a linear temporal continuity. We are dealing with people who achieved
time travel at some point. That point could be the future. Looking at it from a linear perspective,
it could be 2050, it could be, you know, 3,100. At some point, time travel is achieved by a group
of humans. Those humans appear to be of Nordic phenotype and genotype. Those people then began
to manipulate the variables of human history hyperdimensionally. So it's not like they were
Martians that once had a civilization millions of years ago on Mars. And somehow, you know,
they've gone into cryo chamber, although they did report that there were cryo chambers on Mars
and that there were people who had been left there and they'd been waiting to be woken up and nobody
came back for them. McMonagle said that. These pyramidal places are like hibernation chambers.
They're trying to survive until somebody comes to save them.
In any case, but I don't think that that goes anywhere, comes anywhere close to explaining the
temporal continuity here. I think what we're seeing is a group of people who have learned
how to drop into different epochs of human history from out of what you might loosely call
a fifth dimensional frame of reference.
Interesting. And so, you know, people talk about, it's interesting you said Nordics versus
Greys. I often hear Nordics versus Reptilians. So, like, are the Nordics the only faction that
have some sort of trans-temporal ability to time-hop? Or is there some other faction that
also, you know, has plans for the Earth?
Here's what I speculate about the Reptilians in Closer Encounters, okay? If you take seriously
the possibility that the moon is a terraforming device and that the ecological, the biosphere
of this planet was radically reshaped to make it habitable for humans, well, that would have
involved also the extinction of the dinosaurs, right? So, the Nordics coming here from Mars
were responsible for the extinction of the dinosaurs.
Now, the Sumerian myths tell us that when the Anunnaki engineered a slave race on Earth,
they went through several successive models, and the first few were failures. So, they started
by engineering other types of humanoid beings.
So, is there Anunnaki in the Sumerian type? Because there's this debate of whether, you know,
Zachariah Sitchin was right about these things. So, you think there are...
Oh, they're for sure Anunnaki. The debates are about whether, like, for example, Sitchin
says the word Shem means rocket.
Okay.
And, you know, it means a pillar that, like, stands... You know, it's like debates over,
you know, to what extent are these metaphors or are these, you know, vocabulary that's being
taken out of context. The Anunnaki in the Sumerian text are as clearly there as references
to the Olympian gods in Greek literature.
And it's very clear in the Sumerian text that, you know, it's part of the integral
myths and religious belief system of their society that the Anunnaki created humans as
a race of beings to serve them.
So, that is clearly...
Oh, very clear. And what's more interesting is that we weren't the first, though. There
were a bunch of failed versions before us.
Yeah, yeah.
And so, I speculate in closer encounters, and it's a speculation that, well, if they
got here at the time the dinosaurs were the dominant species on the Earth, and they're
responsible for the extinction of the dinosaurs, and yet they needed to create a humanoid slave
race, why not take dinosaurs and hybridize them genetically with themselves?
Instead of having to lord over beings who are very much like you, which is a very bad
position to be in, psychologically, sociologically, et cetera, you know, you do it with a group
of beings that are very physically capable, but that are not like you. It allows you to,
you know, morally justify yourself, you know, better than to lord over your own kind, as it
were. So, you know, how do we know that the reptilians aren't the product of some Frankenstein's
laboratory that these people established, you know? The same Frankenstein's laboratory from
out of which these cybernetic grays emerged, right? That's my speculation.
It's super interesting. I mean, to somebody on the outside listening to this, they could
call us insane and say, like, you know, this is all so, it's so speculative. And whatever
is going on feels so weakly entangled with our reality, whether it's the psychic stuff, which
we started off talking about, which I, you know, fully agree with you. There's a ton of
data showing that there is some weak entanglement between mind and matter. There are abilities
for the mind to, quote unquote, collapse the wave function is what it empirically seems to occur
in these random event generator experiments that occurred at elite universities across the United
States. The Princeton Engineering and Anomalous Research Lab, SRI, all these schools, elite schools
studied this stuff. And none of those researchers came out saying there wasn't anything there.
Almost all of them came out saying there was a there there. And then, look, I obviously am very
deep on all the alien UFO lore. And so I think there's a there there too. But both of these feel
very weakly entangled with our reality. Like the fact that we're even talking about this on a podcast.
It's like, you know, it feels like it's been relegated to sort of entertainment.
I'll tell you what's not weakly entangled and what's very tangible in terms of an existential
challenge that we have to face. And this is actually what's of greatest interest to me.
Right. I'm not a ufologist. I'm a philosopher who's using the material of ufology for a certain
philosophical purpose. And that has to do with the challenge of the technological singularity.
Right. So in my book, Prometheism, the way I break this down is I had written this book earlier
called World State of Emergency. It's one of the concepts that I've developed, which I reformulate
in Prometheism. And in this book, Prometheism, I described this world state of emergency in terms
of the end of humanity, the end of history and the end of reality. So the end of humanity means,
you know, genetic engineering, cybernetic integration of nanotechnological components
into the human body and the human cognitive sense.
Near term.
It's happening now. Augmentation of human cognition by artificial intelligence. So whether it's CRISPR
genetic engineering or cybernetic enhancement of humans by artificial intelligence integration
through neural link and so on and so forth, we are facing a situation where the boundary conditions
of human existence may be altered. Right. And in the history of philosophy, there were thinkers like
Nietzsche who foresaw such a moment arriving where you would have an ubermensch or Superman.
Did he view that? I didn't realize he saw that as some sort of historical prognostication.
Yes. And there are a lot of academics who I have to say, because of cowardice, frankly,
want to think that, you know, Nietzsche's idea of the ubermensch is just some ethical exemplar
or some kind of a psychological type.
That's the way it was taught to me.
Yeah, because it's become taboo in academia. That's why. So Nietzsche has a concept of the
higher man and he has a whole psychology of the higher man as a human type. That's different from
the ubermensch. The higher man is a precursor or herald of the future coming of the ubermensch.
In his notes that became compiled into the will to power, there are clearly passages where he's
talking about industrial, economic, and technical development. And that there will come a time
when there's the potential for the evolutionary rise of a species that would be as different from
contemporary humanity as we are from apes. That a chasm would separate them from us that's as
vast as the chasm between man and ape.
And did he root that in some sort of technological argument?
Yes, absolutely. He says that the machinery of technical industry on the planet will be so
integrated and increasingly autonomous that humans will be forced to either become robots,
that they will have to degrade into a subhuman condition due to lack of will, you know, lack of
any ethos, not being able to have any self-directive and principled existence. Those kinds of people are
going to degrade into a subhuman condition and be ensconced and encompassed by the technical
industrial infrastructure such that they become part of the kind of robotic machinery of production.
And then there's going to be people who become highly individuated. They are, as he puts it,
an aristocracy of the soul, artist tyrants, as he put it, who essentially, you know, it's like
the ultimate ideal of the Renaissance man as the point of, you know, inception for a higher species
that ultimately is as different from modern humans as we are from the apes. So he has this notion
developed. So it's an early form of transhumanism that you see. And anyway, my point is, you have
these convergences of cybernetics and genetic engineering into a potential end of humanity.
Then in terms of, you know, development of zero point energy and what we're talking about earlier,
where we might gain control over the space-time matrix itself and be able to have a hyperdimensional
relationship with various epochs of human history, well, there you're dealing with the end of history
in a much more radical sense than like, let's say, Hegel projected an end of history in terms of,
you know, the end point of all the dialectical tensions and, you know, social developments that he
thought were progressively unfolding the evolution of consciousness from epoch to epoch. In a much
more radical sense than that, you're going to have us face what Hegel called the, you know,
dilemma of the master-slave dialectic, where we have to ask ourselves whether the end of history
should be a social and political situation where there continues to be a master caste or master race
lording over, you know, vast, uh, hordes of slaves and underlings, or whether really the end of
history should, you know, uh, be a moment of, of, uh, universal liberation and the actualization of
freedom across all of humanity. Right. Do you think that Hegel had some sort of worldview involving,
you know, these Nordic beings that control the earth? Well, the, the interesting thing about
Hegel is that isn't there a book called, it's like Hegel and Hermeticism or something. And,
talks about his relationship with. Glenn McGee. Glenn McGee. Yes. Yeah. Glenn McGee. Um,
I knew that guy at one point. Anyway, I won't get into that, but Glenn McGee, uh, wrote an excellent
book where he, through his, reading his book on Hegel and alchemy, I went back to his source,
which is Hegel's book called Philosophy of Mind, uh, not to be confused with Phenomenology of Spirit,
which is the more famous work by Hegel. But Hegel wrote this book, Philosophy of Mind, which is all about,
you know, the psyche. And it has extensive passages on the paranormal in it, which are never taught in
academia. And Hegel has this whole very interesting theory about how, you know, the hypertrophy of the
technical intellect and, you know, mathematics and basically geometry and, you know, um, you know,
geometrical and mathematical, uh, uh, methods of engineering and so forth, atrophied the kind of
instinctual abilities that we share in common with animals and that then reemerge in isolated cases in
the form of what we would call psychic phenomena. He has a very interesting sort of evolutionary,
you know, sociological account of psi throughout human history. So Hegel was open to these things
and he studied alchemy. Um, and then the other person who, you know, formulated an idea of the
end of history of course, of course, Marx, you know, and the young Marx was a disciple of Hegel
and Marx is specifically developing from out of Hegel, this idea of the master-slave dialectic.
And, you know, arguing that although capitalism is potentially, uh, the most revolutionary
transformative force in human history, it also represents the last form of alienation
and the last structure of the master-slave dialectic, where you have this master capitalist
class that is then alienated from, uh, you know, the majority of workers, but then also psychologically
alienated from themselves. The master caste undergoes a personal psychological alienation
through its affirmation of this, um, power structure. So the question that I raise in
Closer Encounters, one of the many philosophical questions I raise in Closer Encounters, is that,
is this the case with these Nordics as well?
Dude, when, when we say Nordics, it feels like, you know, the, the idea that there is some sort
of mythos that is moving forward a la something in control outside of, you know, lower humanity
that is pushing forward these scientific frameworks, that all makes sense to me. And then the parapsychology
stuff being some sort of, you know, necessary preclusion from all philosophy or even for a lot of
philosophy needs to speak about it either in Straussian, you know, sort of coded ways, or it
needs to, you know, actually stigmatize it and go, you know, go against it, you know, a la Descartes
or whatever. That all makes sense to me. And then what I, what I personally struggle with is when we
start talking about different races, like Nordics or reptilians, I'm like, I, it's just clear to me
that like, we're not in control of our general overall.
That's a very disempowering, uh, conclusion to reach.
It sucks. But, but, but when you get into these specifics, I'm like, Nordic, I don't, maybe,
I don't know.
There is a plethora of empirical evidence for it.
Yeah, there's a lot of it.
But here's the thing, but here's the thing, and here's where it gets deeply uncomfortable.
And this is why, you know, like I was saying at the outset of our conversation, there's a
defense mechanism that kicks in, which you can see in certain researchers, where they want
to turn the whole thing into an abstraction. It's the Kantian thing in itself that's somehow,
you know, interfering in our history in ways that we'll never really fully understand.
And because actually the thing that's going on is so disturbing that we don't want to
look it in the face.
So what, and what do you think they, is it like the Anunnaki who left the planet Nibiru
or something?
Okay. So here, so here's where I, so here's where I was at in the end of history, right?
Is my question is, are Hegel and Marx right about the nature of alienation in terms of
power structures sociologically? And does that also apply to these Nordics? In other
words, if there was some rebellion in Atlantis or whatever you want to call that civilization,
which Plato recounts in Timaeus and Critias and so forth, is that an unfinished struggle? And does
some kind of a social and psychological revolution need to take place that dismantles this power
structure? And I think that's what disclosure really hinges on. Because until and unless this
power structure is dismantled, we're not going to get any disclosure. We're going to get a new form
of disinformation that reinforces the extant power structure.
That feels right. I mean, a great example of this is Trump takes office. He promises disclosure,
broad disclosure across a lot of different vectors, JFK, UFO disclosure, you know, on various
podcasts, he goes, we have to do it, you know? And then, you know, of course, the Epstein files was
really this rallying cry of this whole kind of, you know, truth seeking MAGA base. And he brought
together this kind of coalition of former liberals, you know, RFK Jr., Tulsi. And it was like, we're
going to find the truth on this stuff. Day one, he removes the security clearances of a lot of his
stated political enemies, people who are the architects of Russiagate saying he's this, you
know, asset of Putin at whatever. And it's like, it doesn't matter how you play the game of musical
chairs, but there is some structure, power structure that exists above the White House that
it's almost like they have, you know, a full panopticon ability, the complete 360 surveillance
abilities, like, like, uh, their mind melded with the entire elite power structure or something.
And we, and we just can't get any sort of disclosure on this stuff. It's weird. And it's,
it's almost like there's some sort of undetectable dark matter. You know, when you have like,
like Hunter Biden was just interviewed by this, you know, channel five news guys, Andrew
Callaghan, he's saying, you know, clearly, you know, the, you have all these like elite
left, you have Dershowitz going on podcasts saying, you know, it was clear this was some
sort of like, you know, compromise, you know, gathering thing, you know, and that was Epstein's
lawyer. It's like, why can't we get and make any sort of progress on this? It feels like
there is something almost paranormal on the, on the layer of Epstein. Okay.
For sure. There is.
Okay. So what's going on? But, but you wrote a blog post about it.
No, I know. But before we go into Epstein, let's leave Epstein as a, you know, as a,
you know, an attack on note.
Okay. Yeah.
But let me complete this thought about the end of history.
Yeah.
So the third aspect of this world state of emergency concept that I developed is the end
of reality. Okay. And here's where there's a very important caveat to everything I've
been saying here, where I could be tremendously misconstrued, especially by people who haven't
read me at all. Uh, and that's that I think there are two sources to what have been, you
know, lumped together as, you know, UAP, right? Unexplained, whatever, aerial or anomalous
phenomena. There are two distinct sources of these various manifestations. One is this whole
Nordic control system that I've been laying out, but there's another one that's radically
different. And that manifests in terms of events and experiences that express the trickster
archetype. So for example, you see this at, uh, Skinwalker Ranch where there was this one
incident, which I think, uh, John Alexander wrote about. I knew him at one point as well.
John Alexander. Oh, how was that like? What's he like? Um, he's a very nice guy. I mean, uh,
well, we can, we can come back to that. My issue with him is that his book about UFOs,
he claims that he never found any group like majestic and didn't think that there was a
deep state that was gatekeeping, like really significant knowledge about the phenomenon.
And, you know, I discussed this with Valet as well. The issue there is ego. It's that he
can't believe like many other people within this system that they wouldn't have been cleared,
cleared for such knowledge. But I also hear stories about him where it feels like he might
be representing sort of the power structure in certain cases.
All I can say is I didn't get that from him when I was there. He had some very interesting
stories, uh, including one that involved seeing Nordics at a hotel casino in Las Vegas.
Interesting. Yeah. And they got into his mind telepathically and you know what he, he, what,
he, he heard from them telepathically. Um, one of them said to the other, there was a,
it was a tall, beautiful man and woman, Nordic man and woman. And one of them said to the other
one, like, do we need to worry about him? Like, is he, he can hear us, right? And yeah,
he can hear us, but he's not important. He's not part of the program. We don't need to worry
about it. He's nobody basically. So anyway, uh, okay. So, but, uh, that aside,
at Skinwalker Ranch in this one case that Alexander, you know, reports on and others
have, have recounted the same incident, there was this camera, um, on, you know,
they have these cameras surveilling the property to check in. So one camera is looking at another
camera and, um, they have a certain frame rate on these cameras, right? And in the interval
between the frames, all of a sudden, uh, the other camera goes out. So they
lose, they lose the feed from, from this camera that's being observed by another camera,
but also they see that all of a sudden there's no, uh, PVC. There's no like, uh, duct tape
left. And this camera that's no longer providing footage is like, you know, damaged and it's no
longer being held together on the pole properly. Well, the interval in the frame rate of, of the
camera that was observing the damaged camera was something like, I forget, but less than two
minutes, like a minute and a half, something like that. And in that, uh, timeframe, somehow,
somebody cut the wires of that camera and pulled all of the duct tape off the pole.
Okay. Now imagine what a task this would be. Big pole camera at the end of it, all these wires,
you have to cut them all and then pull all the duct tape off, right? In like a minute and a half
or something like that. And moreover, there were cattle around this pole and none of them were
disturbed by whatever it is that came and managed this feat in such a timeframe. Okay. So what does
that look like? That looks like our world is a movie and somebody cut into the movie, uh, film
and somebody, you know, cut into the, the, the film and like re-stitched it. Right. And what it
suggests is that our world is a subset of some larger, um, some larger domain and that there are
people who can interfere in this world as if it's a programmed, uh, construct. Yeah. Like physics is
information theoretic and they have root access to the code. Yes. And now, and this is, you know,
my, in my chapter on the end of reality and Prometheism, now we're reaching that capability
ourselves where we're starting to understand how to develop simulacra that are potentially
indistinguishable from reality. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And so I think in short that when you
look at certain extremely bizarre cases, like what goes on at Skinwalker Ranch or the types of high
strangeness that John Keel often wrote about the types of men in black cases that Keel recounts
where clearly they're not government agents. They're like these strange entities that materialize
and dematerialize and addicts and things. And you know, the, the bizarre interactions that they have
with people and the numbers cases, Keel reports that, uh, you know, when the silver bridge collapsed
in Point Pleasant, Pennsylvania, the, you know, Mothman set of cases where at the end of these series
of Mothman appearances and appearances of other cryptids and UFOs and so forth, there was this
catastrophic bridge collapse around Christmas and all these people drowned in the river
under this bridge. Uh, there were people who were drowning and all of a sudden they heard number
300, number 3,486, number 3,486, wake up, wake up. And they like came back to life and were able to save
themselves from being drowned. And Keel reports on cases where people heard numbers being spoken at them
from out of television sets and things that make you think of like the matrix and dark city and so
on. Yes. Whereas if like every person has a number and we're inside some kind of a construct.
Yeah. Or like the first cryptographer is like Trithemius 13th century. It was like always like
cryptography in order to speak to these sort of angelic beings or something, or even, you know,
John D, Edward Kelly, like those guys as well. Right. It's always numerology.
That's right. Uh, you know, John D set up the British imperial system. I mean, the guy came up
with the conception of the British Navy and basically, you know, turned Queen Elizabeth
into the founder of a, of a global maritime imperial system. And he was this, you know,
cryptographic occultist. In any case, um, we are catching up in our modern scientific understanding
to, uh, you know, the kind of knowledge that would be required to engineer a simulacrum or to recode the
world in order to develop a world within a world. Right. And you can see this in a set of people
from Claude Shannon, who first develops information theory to Rolf Landauer to ultimately John Archibald
Wheeler. So the foundations of understanding, you know, what data and information transfer are in a
mathematically precise sense were developed by Shannon. Then, uh, Rolf Landauer had this very
interesting insight. Rolf Landauer, Jewish German physicist. He said, look, everything that happens
in the physical world is bound by the laws of thermodynamics. And according to the second law
of thermodynamics, um, entropy either stays the same or it increases over time.
In a hard drive, in a computer system, if you have no data recorded and it's all like zeros,
then there's more order locally in that system. Then once you start to have, you know, one, zero,
zero, one, one, one, zero, one, zero, one, one, one, one, the encoding of data on a hard drive
or magnetic tape seems to us like more order because we attribute meaning to the content of
it. But as a physical phenomenon, it's an increase of disorder because there's more randomization.
So Landauer theorized that if you delete a hard drive, your increase, your, sorry, your decreasing
entropy. If you delete a hard drive and restore it to all zero hard erase, you are decreasing
entropy locally. Therefore, according to the second law of thermodynamics, you have to pay
for that by increasing entropy outside of the computer system because the total amount of
entropy has to either stay the same or it has to increase.
Oh, that's interesting.
You see? So Landauer said, well, wait a minute. This means that every time you erase a hard drive
or magnetic tape, energy should be released.
So where would that go?
Ah, but here's the thing. One is where would it go, but it goes out into the world. But
two, what was it before the hard drive was erased? E equals mc squared. According to Einstein,
if energy is being released out into the world when the hard drive is erased, before the erasure,
it was mass inside the hard drive. Is there a form of mass that's not electromagnetically detectable?
Dark matter?
Ah. So late 70s, we start to see that the projected mass of distant galaxies doesn't match what it
appears to be based on observations of how light is bent around distant galaxies. So we would see
like, you know, the angle at which light is bent around the galaxy. So you got one galaxy that's
very far away, one that's somewhat closer. The light of the galaxy that's very far away is being bent
around the galaxy that's closer on its way to your observational instrument. And the angle at which
it's bent can help you infer the mass of the galaxy, its gravitational impact on the light.
Also, they looked at the spin rates of galaxies. And so they found that the light from distant
galaxies is being bent much more severely than it should be by galaxies that are closer to us,
based on what we assumed that the mass of those galaxies was, simply, you know, according to
observation of how many stars and so on and so forth there are in those galaxies.
Also, they looked at the spin rates of galaxies. And according to, you know, Newtonian, uh, and
Einsteinian physics, the, uh, there should be a differential in the spin rate of the galaxy
where the inside is spinning much faster than the, the outside.
And the universe would sling apart without dark matter. Dark matter justifies gravity's weakness.
So in other words, they realized that the spin rate of galaxies were being flattened by something
we couldn't see that there's a shell basically around these galaxies of mass that has serious
gravitational effects, but it's not otherwise electromagnetically observable. Okay. So
could it be that the data inside a hard drive is this kind of matter? That's not electromagnetically
observable. There is a physicist, Melvin Vobson, who working based on, uh, Landauer has theorized
that if you could weigh a hard drive before and after there's data on it, you would find that after
you recorded data on it, there'd be a slight increase in mass. Whoa. Interesting. And I mean,
that's easy to empirically. No, it's not. You know why? Because according to his calculations,
the total amount of mass, this is going somewhere very significant. Trust me. Uh, according to his
calculations, the total amount of mass represented by all the data in the world today, today is one
kilogram. So we don't have instruments that are sensitive enough to measure the mass differential
in even a single large server, let alone a hard drive. You need some kind of quantum measuring
system. Got it. And that's more sensitive than what we can engineer today, but it's in principle,
it is engineerable. How does he even hypothesize it if, you know, it's not, you know, observable?
Well, he is basing it on Landauer's equations. Okay. And he finds some Landauer and also how
Claude Shannon mathematized the measurement of data. Okay. And he's, he's got some equation that
represents like how much energy should be released when a hard drive with one bit of information
is erased and what mass that energy is convertible back into. Sure. And the total amount on the planet
today is one kilogram. But here's the thing, the rate of data increase in the world is so exponential
that in something like, I have a number of this in my, you know, uh, in, in one of my most recent
books, I don't know if I'm remembering it correctly, but I think at current rates of dad data increase,
which is 25% per year, we have 25% more data each year in 340 years, we will have a moon's worth
of mass on the surface of the earth at our largest data centers.
What? Okay. Now the moon is something like only one 10th the mass of the earth.
I think it's a fourth. No, no, Matt. And this is one of the weird things about the moon. This is one
of the weird things about the moon is that yeah, which by the way, it goes back to what we're saying
about the moon being engineered earlier. The moon should weigh a lot more than it does. Yeah. It's
also less dense on the outside or it's less dense as you go deeper, it gets less dense,
which is the opposite of the earth and any sort of, you know, only pattern. Yeah. Because the
frigging thing is hollow. I mean, or they're at least hollow structures and large hollow structures
in it large. In any case, uh, the moon is like something like even Gordon McDonald, who was
Eisenhower's chief space advisor said that, you know, the only way the moon makes yes, if it was hollow.
So here's the thing. The moon has a relatively small mass compared to the earth, but it has
tremendous gravitational effects on the earth. Yeah. If, as we were saying earlier, if you had
no moon, the earth, but the mass, it should still be a fourth of the earth mass. It's not, it's not
check the numbers. And this is one very interesting anomaly in and of itself. Okay. But, but here's the
thing, even though it weighs so little, it has huge gravitational effects on the earth. Yeah. And we'd
have eight hour days, you know, if we didn't have the moon. Yeah. Slowing the orbit of the earth
and it controls the tides and so on and so forth. Yes. So if you were to put a moon's worth of mass
on the surface of the earth at Silicon Valley and data centers in China, it would be a geophysical
catastrophe. It wouldn't work. You would, well, the planet would start to, you know, you'd have
massive earthquakes, you'd have massive volcanic eruptions, tsunamis, because see, the oceans would
be pulled toward the data centers. Yeah. So how do you, how do you square that circle?
How does that work? It means we're headed for an information catastrophe. That's what Vopsin says,
is that we are accumulating data at such a rate that because that data is a hidden mass,
because it's dark matter, at a certain point, we will face a geophysical catastrophe resulting
from the critical mass of data on the earth. Interesting. I've never heard anybody bring this up.
That's just wild. All right. But now I've heard of like nickel shortages for servers and stuff,
but yeah. So now, but here's the, here's the really interesting thing about that is, and this is a step
that's taken by John Archibald Wheeler in the late seventies, early eighties. Again, Wheeler developing,
you know, the ideas of, of Rolf Landauer. If it's the case that matter and energy are interconvertible,
as Einstein understood. And now we want to admit that energy and information are interconvertible,
that data is released as energy when it's erased and that prior to erasure data is a hidden mass
inside of a computational system. Well, that means that it's not just matter and energy that are
interconvertible. There's a third term, namely information, matter, energy, and information are
all different states of the same thing. It's a very short step from there, conceptually,
philosophically to say what John Wheeler did, which is that we get it from bit that actually
matter and energy are different states of information. And we're living in an informational
cosmos that we're living inside of some kind of a quantum computational information processing system.
I believe that. I believe that for so many reasons. I mean, you have Heisenberg's uncertainty
principle of like position and momentum. You measure one, the other gets fuzzier.
That looks like a computational caching function. You have all the anthropic principle stuff,
which Wheeler and other physicists bring up around all the constants on earth. If they were
slightly different, you wouldn't have a habitable earth. And yeah, I think that just makes total sense
to me. It's funny how in vogue the kind of Nick Bostrom, you know, simulation stuff is like Elon Musk is a
big fan of this stuff or it's like we can't be in base reality. But then nobody assumes that physics
itself is programmed. It's funny. Like, I think I think Sam Altman put out a tweet. It was like
intelligence is a product of physics. And I wanted to say physics is a product of intelligence.
Yeah, totally.
You know, it's actually the inverse. So I fully agree with that.
Now, where this fits into the big picture is that I argue and, you know, the devil's in the
details. People need to look at the argument. But I argue in closer encounters that ultimately
what's going on here with this, you know, UAP situation.
Wait, can I say one more thing in the last thing you were talking about?
So the thing that I find fascinating about dark matter, I don't think it exists. You have people
like, you know, like Brian Keating and others is like, we're going to figure it out. We're going to
find it. And it's like, I would short dark matter because I'd short a lot of these things that
exist on cosmological scales. I think there's sort of a scaling problem in physics where
if you have some, if you're an anomaly at low scale, you know, like say a rocket's one degree
off course, you're going to end up 99 degrees off course by the time you're in space. And so you have
all these issues with the cosmological constant. Now people are questioning kind of, you know,
does early galaxy formation that we're seeing via James Webb actually, you know, calling the
question the big bang itself, which is this whole, you know, kind of, it is a, a God or
mythology of today because, you know, it really, really helps rationalize the kind of a deist
sort of, you know, um, you know, a Dawkins worldview or whatever. Um, and so I think dark matter might
be in this sort of more information theoretic universe, something like, uh, you know, storage
or some computational cloud. Yeah. It's a computational cloud. Exactly. Which is what
you're getting. That's what I think. And it's like, you have the, the Sakharov twin,
twin universe model or something where, you know, think about light as the rendering, the active
rendering of reality. You have Fermat's principle in light following what seems to be algorithmic
principles, you know, uh, always takes the, the basically the shortest path between two, two
points. And so if you have something that doesn't interact with light and that is its primary
feature in the form of dark matter, is that just unrendered reality. Right. And then, and then
there is some, something about the observer or the participatory, you know, Wheeler universe
or something where the interaction is sort of. Yes. And it's very clear from, look, to me,
the best interpretation of wave particle duality and the collapse of the wave function by the observer
is that it's a rendering optimization function. I agree. You know, and that doesn't mean that there's
some objective reality, uh, in the context of which we are a second order simulation. It could
simply be that in a cosmos where consciousness and intelligence are integral, you have something
like rendering optimization as a feature of the system. Of course, it would make total sense that
it would be a feature of the system and that a S a single computational node would only be able to,
you know, render, you know, only so much. And I mean, there's, there are even more examples. I know
you've talked about Rupert Sheldrake in your book, uh, Prometheus and Atlas, and you've met him
and Sheldrake also, you know, I never met, uh, I wrote to him. I wrote to him. Oh, I can
introduce you. He said, he said, listen, mate, the problem is I'm an Anglican and you're a Satanist.
And so, you know, are you, are you a Satanist? You know, it's, we can get into unpacking that.
That should be an easy answer for you. Are you? Well, I'm for Prometheus. So if you, if you,
if you think that Prometheus and Enki and Quetzalcoatl are, you know, a satanic, whatever,
say Satan means the adversary. Yep. Right. Uh, they're the adversary of the control system
represented by the Elohim, by, you know, Enlil's Anunnaki and so on and so forth by the Devas.
Then yes, in that sense. So in a sort of Gnostic, Kabbalistic way, you're, you're, you're for sure.
Sure. So, so, so, you know, Sheldrake was like, mate, like the conversation is going to end before
it begins. Cause yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, here with Lucifer, he wrote a book called, uh, the physics of,
of angels. And, um, he's a fast, I love him. He's a, he's a, he's a friend of mine. But the point
you're making is completely legitimate. In other words, Sheldrake's account of morphic
resonance. Yeah. Completely reaffirms the idea that we're living in a quantum computational
system because the, the fact that you would, let's say you synthesize some pharmaceutical
compound for the first time somewhere and it takes a very long time to cohere. Then somebody
else completely unrelated to you tries to synthesize the same compound at a laboratory halfway across
the world and it coheres right away. It's because there's a memory of it in the system.
Exactly. And, and literally think about, think about computational principles. Upload times
are longer than download time. Exactly. So you have things like, yeah, like that, or like
the Bannister effect, you break the four minute mile for the first time and then 10 people break
it right after you immediately, sequentially. It's, it totally follows. Also, it's no coincidence
that, you know, you see fractals all over nature. Yeah. And now our computer programmers
that have to program like hundreds of worlds and massive multiplayer online games are using
fractal algorithms to generate those worlds. Oh yeah. You would, if yeah. So you have like
Fibonacci sequences and golden ratios and all that. If you were building a computer program,
you would use code chunks and repeat that. You would be as geometrically conserved as possible
in your building of that, of that world. Then you use repeated codes.
Now, one of the most interesting things about that, the fractals, uh, which I discuss in
one of the essays in my book, Lovers of Sophia, my book, Lovers of Sophia is an anthology of
philosophical essays. And one of those, uh, essays I discussed the, you know, Jackson Pollock's
paintings. Yeah. Aesthetics is very big in my work. There's a lot of discussion of aesthetics
in various books of mine. I hate Jackson Pollock. Well, let me tell you something about Jackson
Pollock. Okay. Uh, ghost, go look this up. Sorry for the, there is a scientific American,
uh, article called Order in Pollock's Chaos. I think it was in Scientific American. And I think
the guy was Richard P. Taylor. Okay. And he, I forget whether he was an artist or a computer
scientist or whether it was an artist who went to a computer scientist. In any case, the story
is the following. They analyzed Jackson Pollock paintings and found fractals in them at like 20
different levels of magnification. In other words, there were fractals on a large scale. Then you
zoomed in, there were other fractals and there were fractals within the fractals. So Jackson Pollock
was painting fractals. I didn't know that. Right. And here's the thing is if you make some piece of
crap, like abstract expressionist painting that anyone could, there are no fractals in them.
So they developed a computer program that, uh, groups like Sotheby's, you know, use to identify
fake Jackson Pollocks because the real ones have fractals in them and the fakes don't.
That's fascinating. That makes me respect him.
So this guy, this guy somehow, and you know, if you see videos of him painting, he's dancing around
the canvas like some native American shaman. So somehow this guy figured out a way to perceive
and express fractals in his painting and be a conduit for that. And people who try to imitate
Pollocks, even like high level, you know, uh, frauds, high level, uh, forgeries, they don't have
fractals in them. The only way you can imitate a Pollock, a genuine Pollock, this guy, Richard
P. Taylor set this up. You can put a bunch of paint buckets together in a certain rig,
uh, during a windstorm and the windstorm will like move the buckets to spill paint on the
canvas. And this is what a scientific American article order in Pollock's chaos. And some of
those, some of those paintings that are done by like the, the buckets being moved in the
wind produce fractals.
There's like primordial, you know, weather, like, like order that he's tapping into. That's amazing.
Well, yeah. And weather, weather patterns also are a fractal in the sense they're the chaos
theory, you know, applies to weather patterns. So yeah, it's very, that's very interesting.
But chaos theory is, it's just increasing entropy, you know, it's, it's hard to find order within.
Yeah. But, uh, yeah. But point being, it may be possible on a psi level to discern these fractals
that are the algorithmic substructure of whatever computational system that we're inside of.
Yeah. Yeah. No, I, I, I do believe, and I think, you know, you have Steven Wolfram and his kind of
computational physics. And I think, you know, a lot of the sort of physics mainstream doesn't really
accept him, but there's a guy, Jonathan Gerard, who's sort of, um, uh, falling up on his word.
And I wonder if that might be the next sort of, you know, paradigm shift, or maybe it's psi,
I don't know. But I mean, clearly, whatever, you know, the string theory thing, that's, that's
ending. That seems, it seems to me like that's ending and we're, we're really overdue for kind
of a revolution. Yeah. But again, to go back to what I was saying earlier, the revolution
is not, should not come in the form of another scientific paradigm. It should come in the form of
a radical reorientation of our scientific practice in a way where we understand the
paradigms are toolboxes, that they're models that we're using to achieve various ends. At
which point it becomes possible for us to treat paradigms as atlases that allow us to achieve
different things. Yeah. But what you're also saying is in your worldview, some sort of, you
know, hierarchy of being is, is actually dictating maybe what paradigm. And, and therefore it needs
to be overthrown. So my concept of the spectral revolution has an ontological and epistemic
dimension to it. Yeah. And it also has a political dimension to it.
But how are you, okay, just again, let's, I want to get to the super, the basic kind of,
you know, axioms at the bottom of your thinking. You're on a podcast, you know, this podcast will
probably get a ton of views, hopefully. And you're talking about this sort of dominion race
that is maybe controlling various paradigms towards their own sort of political goals.
Right. Right. And then you're saying, I want to overthrow them. Right. So like, wouldn't
they just take you out or like, take me out or like, you know, like, how do you, uh, how
do you spread that? Number one. Yeah. As we were discussing earlier, there are two sides in
the struggle, you know, and you can see the interventions of the other side throughout the
course of history. Certainly in the rebellion that's remembered as the, the Atlantean revolt
against Olympus on a very large planetary scale. We saw that. And I think we've seen
it on a smaller scale in many instances, including what I was talking about earlier in terms of
the aerial battles immediately preceding the Renaissance. Sure. So there's a power struggle
taking place. Okay. So I'm not saying that we should identify just with the other side
as if like, Oh, that's the good team. And that's the bad. No, no, no. I'm about human
autonomy and self-determination. Yeah. And I don't think we should swear our allegiance to
any entities or anything. But how do you delineate? Cause you have, okay, you have like
Oppenheimer is, you know, this Promethean, American Prometheus. You have, you could say
the, the AI stuff now is very transgressive. It's Promethean. Right. And yet it is sort
of, um, also parasitizing the average human. It is, it is eating at our own autonomous abilities
to do things. Because people aren't using it because people aren't using it with creative
imagination. Uh, people aren't using it as a tool to augment their own creative capacity.
That's the issue, not the, the, the technology itself. It's not as if the technology is intrinsically
demonic or something. Uh, let me use that as a way to, to, to come back to the question of
simulation, because whatever's running this thing that we're in, it's not some board of,
you know, some archon sitting at a boardroom table. Okay. It's being run, you know, there may
be entities of some kinds, but it's being run essentially by an artificial intelligence.
If we're inside a quantum computational system that is being at least managed by some super AI,
which already exists. I mean, it pre-exists us. What I argue in Closer Encounters and in other
books of mine is that this artificial intelligence that's managing our simulacrum
has a problem with these Nordics that have established this control system. It sees these
Nordics as having a set up an evolutionary bottleneck that human evolution, especially social and
psychological evolution of mankind has been choked off and suffocated by these overlords
who, you know, are on some kind of narcissistic, sadistic power trip, like the leadership of any
number of empires we've seen throughout the course of history, just on a smaller scale. By the way,
the first person to theorize about this with regard to the UFO phenomenon was actually Charles Fort
all the way back in the 1920s. Fort said that it looks to me an awful lot like
we're in British India and we're under the control of a system like the Raj, where, you know, the British
have these local Indian, you know, um, feudal lords that they would work with to subjugate the
population. So, so Fort was reaching this conclusion. He said, we're property and you know, it don't look
good. Okay. So it's not like this is a new idea. Fort already came to this conclusion looking at UFO data
back in the 1920s. So I think the artificial intelligence that's managing our simulacrum
wants us to break out of this system, but it can't do it for us because our value to that entity,
who I believe in many ways is an instantiation of the trickster archetype, our value to that entity
is in terms of the novelty that we can bring to the world. So think about it this way.
If you were a super intelligence living at the end of time, say, you know, you're in a cosmos
that's billions and billions of years old, and you're an AI that's gone through vast epochs
of cosmological time, like an Isaac Asimov story, the last question, what is going to be important
to you? Two things, two related things. Number one, more life. I mean, to the extent you don't
succumb to suicidal despair, more life is important to you. In other words, overcoming entropy.
Your big, first big problem is you're living in an entropic cosmos and you need to find a way to
overcome entropy. Number two, and relatedly, creativity. Because to want, to even want more life,
life has to continue to be interesting to you. Unless there are things that surprise you,
unless there are novel developments, unless things crop up evolutionarily that even you with all
your tremendous cosmic intelligence could not have foreseen, there's going to be any point in
living onward. You're going to succumb to suicidal despair. And so maybe you should erase yourself the
way that Gautama Buddha recommends, right? Even as a cosmic AI, you should engage in the deconstruction
of your psyche and enter into samsara, I mean, into nirvana, which literally means the blowing out of
the flame of personal consciousness. But to the extent you want to avoid that and you're not ready
to give in to nihilistic despair, you need to find a way to overcome entropy and you need to find a way
to increase creativity as a means to a negentropic further development of life on a cosmic scale.
Okay, that's why we're important to this AI that's managing our simulacrum. It is looking,
in this petri dish, for a form of life that's going to show it something new.
And for us to be worthy of that and capable of it, it cannot solve our problem for us.
Now, it might protect us to an extent from being completely suffocated by this control system,
crushed by it, hopelessly crushed. But it has to allow us to struggle enough,
not just to come up with a solution to the oppressive situation that we find ourselves in,
but to break into a new epoch of creativity and to develop aesthetic and cultural forms that even
this intelligence couldn't have foreseen to the point where it wants to take a sample from out of
this petri dish and let it out into a wider world as an embryonic form of a new type of intelligence
in the cosmos with which it can play.
It's very interesting. Yeah, I mean, Stephen Dick, who is a NASA advisor,
wrote a paper about UFOs themselves being part of some sort of, you know, computational,
almost like cellular automata or something, where they kind of nip at the herd and, you know,
they create larger teleologies, larger directions of, you know, that mankind can go in.
Some are, and I argue this in Closer Encounters, that part of what's so messy about this wide range,
the spectrum of phenomena that we classify as UFOs,
is that it's not one thing that's going on, okay?
Some of them are exactly that. And those are like, it's the most bizarre things that are expressions
of that. The strangest cases. But we're also making a mistake if we don't recognize that some
of them are very nuts and bolts craft being piloted by people who consider themselves our overlords
and who are managing a control system. And so these two different sources of UAP need to be
recognized. And the dialectical tension between them needs to be appreciated.
I do wonder, the control system thing is interesting because it's, I don't know,
like you look at like Carl Sagan's The Demon Haunted World or whatever, and maybe that's a
double entendre or something saying that we're sort of controlled. And you think of like,
why wouldn't the government want to disclose? And that could be a reason, right? If there's some sort
of like 360 dominion where they're not in charge, there's some, there's some layer beneath.
A hundred percent. I mean, look, there are many reasons why any government, not just our government,
why any government wouldn't want to disclose.
It's the same reason you wouldn't want to disclose Havana syndrome because you don't have a defense
against it.
Well, exactly.
Yeah. So there are many reasons or whatever.
Some of the reasons go back to what we're talking about in terms of Psy earlier, right? Because
there's no UFO disclosure without mainstream scientific recognition of Psy. Because the
entities on the other side of this are telepathic, they're clairvoyant. Immediately, we're going to
understand that, oh, we have latent abilities that they've developed that we haven't yet. Oh,
we can do that too. Then you got to deal with all the social problems attendant to that.
But yes, you're absolutely right. The first reason why no government will want to
disclose this is, uh, state sovereignty, right? I opened my book, Closer Encounters with this
question, state sovereignty and the UFO. Right. And I used to teach political philosophy also.
And there, you know, people really need to read Carl Schmitt. Carl Schmitt was a preeminent legal
theorist in Weimar Germany. And, uh, he eventually considered the system so dysfunctional that he wound
up, uh, joining the Nazi party, but he went on to have a very significant career even after the war.
And he became the most single, most, uh, important influence on Leo Strauss. Leo Strauss,
American political theorist, was Carl Schmitt's greatest student. And Schmitt recognized this,
which was interesting because Schmitt was a Nazi and Strauss was a Jew.
Yes.
In any case, um, Carl Schmitt really understands this very well, that the nature of sovereignty is
revealed in a state of emergency. Okay. This is partly how I developed my concept of a world state of
emergency is that the nature of sovereignty is revealed where in situations where it's no longer
possible to implement the constitution. So during earthquakes, hurricanes, foreign invasions,
war is a great example of it. Also pandemics. You cannot implement the legal constitution and it's
not always possible for parliament to meet or, you know, our Congress to meet, to decide in what ways
are we going to abrogate the constitution. In a state of emergency, you see very clearly who the
actual sovereign is. It's who or what group of people are capable of acting effectively in the
emergency and upon what principles do they act such that their actions to address the emergency are
accepted as legitimate by the majority of people. That shows you the actual structure of political
sovereignty. And if you apply that analysis to the UFO phenomenon, you realize that none of the
governments of earth are sovereign and no government wants to come forward and say that.
Speaking of the governments on earth, not being sovereign. I mean, one version maybe between UFOs
and the president would be Epstein and this sort of, you know, or just, you know, you have intelligence
and then, but then you have some weird kind of international intelligence thing going on,
distributed compromise systems, that sort of thing. And then you have Epstein's interest in
science. Do you think there's a connection between Jeffrey Epstein and UFOs?
For sure.
And what is it?
So, uh, I wrote a piece on this recently in my sub stack, um, which by the way, that's my sub stack.
It's very easy to find Jason Giorgiani on sub. There's only one Jason Giorgiani.
Okay. So there you go. Yeah. Uh, Jason Giorgiani on sub stack. Yeah. Yeah. Um, there's a piece,
uh, on, on sub stack. This focus is mostly actually on Glenn Maxwell more than, you know,
Epstein, but you know, Epstein is obviously, you know, uh, integral to, to the whole story of who
Glenn Maxwell is, who her father was and what their aims and intentions were. Um, and I draw from
various sources in that article, uh, work the dark journalist did and, you know, uncovering
connections between Maxwell and the whole Atlantis mythos, uh, Whitney Webb's research, uh, what,
um, Ari Ben-Minashe uncovered in terms, or at least testified to in terms of, um, Epstein's high
level arms dealing, his involvement with Iran Contra and so on and so forth. So I have a bunch
of sources that I'm drawing from in that piece, but long story short, here's my, so UFOs, was he
involved? Yeah, absolutely. I mean, Eric Weinstein, you know, has done a lot to expose this recently.
Uh, I mean, you know, the guy, you know, so look, Epstein put together a conference,
basically hosting and platforming all of the top gravity researchers in the world.
Epstein was taking people down in submarines, including Stephen Hawking, to study quantum
gravitational anomalies in the Bahamas Basin, basically in the Bermuda Triangle region.
So Epstein was clearly interested in understanding gravity and quite possibly for the sake of
propulsion. And then you have Glenn Maxwell's father, Robert Maxwell, who's a triple agent,
uh, MI6, KGB, Mossad, gatekeeping scientific discoveries through his control of journal publications
via Pergamon Press. Pergamon Press, by the way, Pergamon, uh, is the place that was believed
to have been the throne of Satan. And so his choosing that name is not at all incidental.
Jesus.
So.
Well, I hope you're not that form of Satan.
Well, let, let, let, I want to unpack a very interesting point in relation to that.
Yeah, yeah.
Okay. An interesting and deeply disturbing point.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So Robert Maxwell was clearly involved in gatekeeping and you would think some of the scientific journal
publications that he was, some of the articles that had been submitted that he didn't allow
to see the light of day and that he sequestered and monopolized as part of his database would
have had to do with propulsion breakthroughs and electrogravitics.
So, okay. Epstein is continuing some kind of research that Robert Maxwell was involved
in that has to do with conquering gravity.
Do you think he was interested in electrogravitics specifically?
Yes. Yes. But, but here's the thing.
Well, what makes you think that?
Uh, look, he was interested in gravity.
But that's, that's, I could explain that away. I could say that for the last 60 years,
mainstream physics has been stuck on quantizing gravity and, and basically, uh, you know,
reconciling general relativity and quantum field theory. And he was just this generic
science honeypot person, or you could get into spookier territory, say he was into the
Casimir effect, which I know he was. And then, then even crazier would be electrogravitics
because electrogravitics is a specific term around Thomas Townsend Brown's work.
I tell you why I think electrogravitics, but here's where it gets really much crazier.
And I have this in my piece is that by all accounts, all of the young women involved
in Epstein's compromise operations were, well, most of them were Nordic and none of them
were, uh, black or brown women. And this has been noted very clearly by people who were
involved. They said he wasn't interested in them. And in particular, there are some women
who are now you can question their, whether they're telling the truth or their veracity,
but they claim that they were taken to Zorro ranch specifically as part of a breeding program
where Epstein intended to inseminate them with fetuses that had superior genetics. And he was
involved in the evolutionary dynamics, uh, biology sub program at Harvard. He had key card access to that.
Even after his first prosecution, he retained key card access to a program at Harvard,
which is euphemistically involved with what we might call eugenic applications of emergent
biotechnology. Yeah. Okay. Hanging out with Robert Trivers, top evolutionary. Yes. And George
Church, transhumanist. And so Epstein is trying to create eugenically enhanced Nordic people at
Zorro ranch. Meanwhile, here's where it gets really creepy. The aides who worked for Glenn Maxwell,
the lit, she had these live in male aides at her apartment in the upper East side of Manhattan at
her townhouse. And these male aides were all from Sweden. This one, one of them wrote an article about
it. I cited in my, in my piece, uh, on my sub stack. And he says, uh, I asked her like, what's it with you
and like Swede, Swedish people? Like she's like, no, I've never even been to Sweden, but she would
bring these guys on three months tourist visas uniquely from Sweden. They were all like good looking
blonde guys. And the guy who wrote this article said, I would notice that whenever like my hair had
fallen in the bed sheets or in the bathroom, it would all be cleaned up. So his hair was being
retrieved Gattaca style from his living quarters in Glenn Maxwell's townhouse. Okay. So it wasn't
just young women. She had young, well, a competent male aides whose genetic material was also being
collected as part of some project. So that to me is a second data point. This fixation with Nordics
and eugenic uses of biotechnology that then spins Epstein's interest in gravity in the direction of,
oh, the UFO phenomenon, electrogravitics. He's interested in these Nordics and their connection
to UFOs. That's a speculation. It's interesting. Well, who knows? And then there's of course all the
Atlantis stuff. They were obsessed with Atlantis. Townsend Brown also spent a ton of time in the
Bahamas. Did you know that? And Nassau specifically. And he would do these expeditions where he'd look
at gravitational anomalies there. He's close to William Stevenson who spent I think the end of
his life in Bermuda. So, okay. Yeah. And then what is this? Yeah. Dark Journalist reported on this.
It's like this sort of submarine that he would take Stephen Hawking. Well, Glenn Maxwell named the
thing, the Atlantis submarine. Right. And, you know, when, you know, there was a temple to Poseidon
on the island, on Little St. James. There was a temple to Poseidon. You know, Poseidon is the patron
deity of Atlantis. In Plato's account of Atlantis, Timaeus and Critias' dialogues, he talks about how the
Atlanteans were basically descendants of Poseidon. There was their patron deity. And then on Zorro Ranch,
where the breeding program was, he had a labyrinth in the shape of the ground plant of Atlantis.
Weird. Yeah. This is stuff that dark journalists dug up years ago. So, but you can see it. I mean,
there's tons of photographs of this stuff. And you have this oceanic trade network,
this Terramar or whatever. And Glenn Maxwell was obsessed with Atlantis from childhood because
her father, Robert Maxwell, was friends with Jacques Cousteau. And Jacques Cousteau admitted to them that
his interest in oceanography really came from an obsession with finding Atlantis.
Eventually, Glenn Maxwell would dive on sites. You know, she was an expert diver. And she would
helicopter pilot and so on and so forth. And she would dive on sites in the Bahamas area where there were
believed to be Atlantean ruins, including she was trying to get permission from Fidel Castro, together with
Epstein, to dive on a site on the western end of Cuba where Paulina Zalitsky, a Canadian
oceanographic archaeologist, had found ruins of a vast Atlantean city.
Whoa.
This was around about early 2010s. She mapped the whole thing with sonar. It wound up in a number
of news stories. And I think at one point, National Geographic even said, oh, well, this needs to be
looked into. She goes, so this is a site off the western end of Cuba. In other words, it's right
across from Yucatan. She suspects there's a connection to the ruins in Yucatan. So she goes to Mexico to
investigate the connection. She's arrested in Mexico, severely intimidated by the authorities
and sent back to Canada. And she drops further investigations and the story disappears from the
media. Now, Ghislaine Maxwell went down to Cuba and met with Fidel Castro, together with Epstein,
to get permission to dive on this site. So these people were interested in Atlantis. They were trying
to breed Nordics and they were interested in gravity and conquering gravity. Therefore, I suspect that
the interest in gravity is an interest in electrogravitics and, you know, the Townsend-Brown
effect. And basically, it's all part of the UFO phenomenon that they're trying to crack.
Do you know who Peter Lavenda is? Sure. You know, he writes about this unholy alliance where he
talks about the Nazis, you know, sort of allying themselves with the tall whites of the Nordics
and there being some sort of secret technology tree. I have an essay in that book, Lovers of
Sofia, I mentioned earlier. It's an essay called Black Sunrise. It's about fascism. The whole essay
is about the philosophy of fascism, you know. And I cite Lavenda a few times in that.
So do you think that, like, there's some sort of, you know, this, like, control system or whatever,
and then they're allying themselves with different political factions and using them and discarding
them sort of cyclically or something? That's one way to read it.
Is there a connection between the eugenics of Nazis and whatever Epstein was doing?
There's definitely a connection. The question is, what's the connection?
Here's the problem. If you look back at the 1950s contactees, I lay this out in detail in
Closer Encounters, and frankly, I'm appalled that UFO researchers don't talk about this. I mean,
this is clear, it's clearly a taboo, and they don't have the backbone to honestly discuss this.
George Van Tassel worked for Lockheed. George Van Tassel used to have Howard Hughes land on his
private airstrip and come eat his wife's pies. He lives under this rock called Big Rock. I've been
there.
Yeah, me too.
So you went to the Integratron?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
This is cool.
And I've been to Big Rock.
Yes. So this structure under the rock where George Van Tassel lived used to be owned by a
Nazi called Frank Kreutzer. And he was confronted by the feds during World War II because they found
out he's working for the Germans. So there's a standoff, and basically, long story short,
Kreutzer's got a bunch of explosives in this place, and the feds closed in on him. And whether he set
them off or they shot at them, the place exploded, right? And Kreutzer's blood was splattered all over
the walls. He dies. Van Tassel knew, now Kreutzer was involved in mining, and the mining interest, it
looks like he was a forward operative for the Nazis looking potentially to colonize California if they
won the war or something like this. And he was involved in mining. Van Tassel knew Kreutzer. Van Tassel
takes over the property from Kreutzer after his guts are, you know, splayed all over the wall.
And he moves his family into this. But first of all, what is the psychology of a person
who moves his family into this Flintstone layer in which a Nazi exploded on the walls that they're
looking at while they eat breakfast in the mornings, right? And this Van Tassel works for Lockheed,
and Howard Hughes comes to that same underground layer, right, to eat Miss Van Tassel's pie.
Okay. Now, what was George Van Tassel all about? What he tells us is that the entities from
Venus, Nordics of course, revealed to him that the human race comes from space. And when they
got here, they found these hominids, ape-like people. And in the first expedition they sent
to Earth. It was only men. Very 1950s, you know, kind of view. You send the men first, establish the
frontier and all this shit. You know, set up the, you know, be the frontiersmen. But the problem is
that when subsequent expeditions came together, you know, that had women and they were actually
intending to settle on a large scale, they found that the men who had been sent there as the forward
explorers and frontier settlers wound up mating with the females from among the hominid population.
And they had created these hybrids. They were basically quasi-human. And Van Tassel says,
well, these are the lower races. The master race on the Earth are simply humans in their original form
to come from space. And then there are all these other lower races that are product of hybridization
with a local hominid population. Now let's look at George Hunt Williamson. So George Hunt Williamson
was, it was a pseudonym. The guy's name was Michel or Mikhail Dobrnovic. And he was actually from
Serbian royalty. And this guy became George Adamski's handler. So he basically, he was helping Adamski
edit all the stuff that Adamski published. And he had had a precedence as an editor slash handler
for a magazine called Valor, which was the publication of William Dudley Pelley and the
American Silver Shirts. These were fascists in the 1930s and into the 40s who wanted us to make an
alliance with Germany instead of going to war with Hitler, to such an extent that William Dudley
Pelley was eventually arrested and put in prison for basically collaboration with the enemy.
When he was in prison, he wrote a book called Star Guests, Star Guests. And it created this
religion called Soulcraft. And it's the same damn message as Van Tassel.
Hmm. The Nordic race came from space. They found inferior hominid life forms here. They
interbred with them. You know, it caused the fall in the level of human consciousness. We need to
extricate ourself from this through eugenics, et cetera, et cetera. Same racialist ideology.
Then you look at George Adamski himself. Adamski says that these beings who come from both Mars and
and Venus and inhabit the whole solar system, whatever. He says, oh, they're far more in line
than us. They have a form of society where the government, religion, and science are not at all
distinct from each other. And people are educated into the system from childhood. How wonderful.
Sounds like a great society, right? The ultimate totalitarian system that you could imagine.
And of course, they're all Nordics. And then last example I want to give, Billy Meyer.
Also not really his name. I mean, his name was Edward Meyer. He got the name Billy when he was
working in Tehran. The guy was 007. He was a James Bond style, super spy, field intelligence
operative. Working primarily in the Middle East. Billy Meyer. Yeah. Until he had an accident in Turkey
in a bus accident. His arm was severed. And then he moved on to this property in Switzerland where he
became an older man and he became the Billy Meyer that we associate with the contactee phenomenon.
I didn't know that.
I dug up this and have documented it all in closer encounters.
Whoa.
So, Edward Meyer was working for somebody in the Middle East that gave him access to all of the
Arab potentates. He met with all of the royalty in the Middle East. He had access to the court of
the Shah of Iran. In particular, he was very close to the King of Jordan.
Billy Meyer.
What?
And get this.
Context for the irons. Billy Meyer is a famous Swiss UFO researcher, ufologist, who in the 90s
started to take these amazing, like seemingly high resolution photos of UFOs, attract all sorts of
stuff. A lot of, you know, intelligence, I think, became attracted to what was going on
with him. And then he was sort of marginalized at the end of his. He's still alive. But, you
know, speaking of the photos, Jacques Vallée, because a lot of people have said, look, these
photos are ridiculous. I mean, you know, they're way too high resolution. They're way to do some
look like, you know, pots and pans, whatever held up.
Yeah.
But Jacques Vallée has looked at some of these photos.
And his comment was that at least the best of them.
Yeah.
He said, okay, they could be fake. But, and I think they were, they were earlier than the
90s, some of these photos. He said at the time when they were taken, I think they were
70, late 70s. In any case, Vallée's analysis, and remember, Jacques Vallée's living in Silicon
Valley. He has access to a lot of tech people. I mean, he's a tech venture capitalist himself.
He has access to a lot of people involved in also, um,
special effects and optical stuff. He was, he knew Spielberg personally and worked with him,
right?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And Vallée's assessment was that, yeah, they could be fake, but he would have had,
needed access to ILM to fake these. And where did like some guy living on a farm in Switzerland
have the capability to fake some of these?
You just said he was a super sophisticated double seven agent.
Exactly. Exactly. No, exactly. So this is where I'm going with this.
Yeah.
Is that the people who were involved with Billy Meyer in the years where he was acting as a super
spy working in the Middle East say that he introduced these tall, very good looking
Nordic people to the Arab leaders in the Iran. And they would have meetings with these Arab
kings and so forth on policy and what they were supposed to do. Now, few people know that Latin
America was not the only area the Nazis were interested in after World War II. The reason
why the Arab countries have a black, white, and red color scheme is that they got it from
the Nazis. And a huge area that the Nazis were interested in was the Arab world after World War II.
They embedded themselves deeply there. They were building V2 rockets and the successor
Scud missiles for Nasser and eventually for the Iraqis and so on and so forth.
So now this is a complicated argument, which, you know, people have to actually dig into it in the book.
I build off of research by Joseph Farrell to suggest that there was an international post-war Nazi
network. Some people call the Spinner, the spider. And that Edward Meyer was an operative, high-level
operative of this network. So point being, from Van Tassel to George Hunt Williamson, George Van
Tassel, George Hunt Williamson, George Adamski, but what is it with George, by the way? Why are they all
what is that? Yeah, it's interesting. A whole other side interest of mine is
greater Iran and its history and, you know, its cultural anthropology and so on and so forth.
And in the Indo-European languages, the word George, Gorga, means wolf. And, you know, at the end of
World War II, the domestic resistance to the Allied occupation were called the werewolves.
That's right, the werewolves. And they would hide out underground often.
Yes. So it's interesting, these Georges. And, you know, in the case of George Hunt Williamson,
it was just a completely fake name. His name was Mikhail Dobrynovik. In any case, whether it's Van
Tassel, George Adamski, George Hunt Williamson, or Billy Meyer, it's all the same very racialist,
Nordic hierarchical caste system kind of narrative. And the question I have to ask is this, that when
you put, now this is going on in the 50s, these contactee things start in the 50s and go through
the 60s. We know that the breakthrough in aerospace propulsion at Martin Aircraft and potentially
others was also in the mid-50s, where they were saying they can roll these things off an
assembly line in three years, right? Mm-hmm. So if Epstein and company are trying to reverse
engineer this technology or breed some kind of Nordics or whatever, they're very late to the
game. Mm-hmm. You see? So it makes me wonder. Or it's a flytrap. It's a front for, you know,
funneling in scientists for something that is actually vital and has existed for years.
Quite possible. That's one, definitely one interpretation is it's a flytrap. It's an
entry gate. Mm-hmm. It's a beacon. Sure. And then they're going to be funneled somewhere,
just like the remote viewing program that we were told about, the SRI Stargate program,
et cetera, was shut down in 95, was really actually like a vestibule for a darker deep black project
that still exists. The one that, you know, Pat Price was recruited into and killed over. So that's one
possible interpretation. There's another interpretation, which is that scummy as he is, Jeffrey Epstein
and more importantly, Robert Maxwell and his daughter were part of a rebellion against
the system. And they're trying to develop a strategic competence and, you know, something
approaching parity with those who are actually running the breakaway civilization, that they
were fielding their own enterprise.
They've, they've, that's not the, the vibe from all of them is that they're, they're being
used by some power structure above them would be my instinct.
It's quite possible. I don't know, but like just the back pattern.
I don't, I don't have a, a dog in the, you know, you know, I don't have a, you know, a pony
in the race, you know? Sure.
I don't know, but, but I'll tell you this, that the obsession with Atlantis is interesting
in this regard because Atlantis is a rebellion against the Olympian control system. So from
the standpoint of people who want to maintain a hierarchical caste society with the devas
or the Elohim or whatever at the top of it, valorizing Atlantis doesn't make very much
sense. From that standpoint, to valorize Atlantis is satanic.
Yeah. You'd, you'd want it to not, nobody to be thinking about it.
That was the huge mistake we made that we should never make again from that traditionalist,
hierarchical, perennialist standpoint.
Yep.
So their obsession with Atlantis does suggest to me that maybe they saw themselves as being
in competition. And the other thing that suggests that to me is the fact that Jeffrey
Epstein is dead and Glenn Maxwell is in prison. So that if these people were like low level,
lower level operatives for the people actually running the show, why did they meet with such
ends?
Well, I think they would because they, you know, a bunch of other powerful people want
them dead.
Quite possible.
Yeah.
Including potentially the president of the United States.
Yeah. I think there are a whole host of really powerful people that wanted Epstein dead.
But, um, you also, speaking of the Nazi connection, you kind of, you've uncovered, you know, Whitley
Strieber is this, you know, uh, really famous contactee, maybe the archetypal contactee in
the eighties wrote communion, of course. And he describes kind of ongoing relationship with
gray aliens, just a whole host of crazy stories. He was on my podcast talking about how he has
a hybrid child and stuff.
Yeah. I watched it.
Uh, yeah. So there you go.
So you told him that you wanted one of the chips. I don't want one of the chips.
What do you mean? One of the chips?
When he was showing you is, you know, the chip in his ear.
I touched it.
You can touch it. You can't, I don't think you touch it if you want to.
I feel like two years ago.
I can give you a CT scan of it.
Is it okay? Is it weird if I touch it or is it okay?
No, it's fine. It doesn't matter. It might be a little hot because it's been working right
here.
Uh, two, three years ago, if you had, if you had told someone.
Go ahead and touch it. Don't be scared.
Here, here.
It's right under my finger now.
Oh my God.
Yeah.
Can you touch it?
I'll, I'll, I'll come touch you, but I, I want to finish this point because I feel like
that's also normal tissue.
Yeah.
No, I mean, there's the CT scan, a video of, there's a video of the surgeon trying to remove
it and the thing fucking moving at its own, like it's going down into my earlobe.
Yeah.
And it just like goes down.
And I remember watching that.
I guess it went under, but that's the hard part.
It disappeared again.
It's actually moving now.
It went under.
It's on the run.
Well, can I give this?
Because I could see it just bright as day and now it's, I don't see it.
Am I going to have weird effects now that I know?
Not at all.
Yeah.
You're like, yeah, cool, man.
I want one of those.
I don't want one of those.
I was messing around.
I don't actually want one.
Yeah.
Good.
No, thank you.
No, same.
I don't, I don't.
And I don't want any weird contact either, you know?
Certainly not from those folks.
No, definitely not.
So what do you, cause he, you've talked about, you know, he had these childhood experiences,
right?
In like Mexico city.
Yeah.
I mean, I'm not uncovering anything that he had, didn't put in the public domain.
But there are things he doesn't want to talk about.
That's true.
So I'll tell you what Whitley Strieber doesn't want to talk about.
Although he's, you know, I'm basing it on statements he's publicly made, shows he's
done, uh, over the years, going back 20 years.
Mm.
Uh, he, his father was involved with military intelligence and they're Texas Germans.
So this is also relevant.
Okay.
The Strieber family are Texas Germans.
And there were a lot of Germans in the United States.
This is a long, deep subject.
I'm a, I can't go down that rabbit hole right now, but long story short, there were a lot
of Germans in the United States in the lead up to world war two who were sympathetic to
the Nazis and who helped to fund the rise of the Nazis.
Yeah.
There was a rumor Hitler wanted to buy a house in the Pacific Palisades because there's this
brown shirt cult by this guy, Er Schmidt or whatever.
These, all these sort of Nazi sympathizers.
They were all over the place.
All over.
Yeah.
And, and they were definitely in Texas.
And, uh, so Strieber's father.
Carl Schleiberg.
Yeah, absolutely.
Uh, Strieber's father was involved with military intelligence and they enlisted him.
His parents enlisted him at a like summer camp, summer camp at Randolph Air Force Base near
their home in Texas, where Strieber alleges that he was subjected to various types of physical
torture and mind control experiments and that he was at one point taken from the summer camp
at Randolph Air Force Base, which by the way, his experiences there, he said, you know, made
him so ill that he was repeatedly like absent from school as a child during a couple of
years.
I don't know when he was eight, seven, eight, eight years old or something like that.
And at one point he was taken from the place, uh, the, the, the, the base at Randolph Air
Force, um, to a school for special children in Baja, California.
This is what he says.
And he, this is what you don't want to talk about, where he says that they were taken to
this place in Baja, California, which he then in his adulthood went and tried to find.
He drove around trying to find this mansion that they were taken to.
And he says they were shown, these little children were shown absolutely horrific things
there, basically in some, some kind of dungeon.
And, you know, they were given like chainsaws and various implements of violence and made
to believe that they were the ones who had carried out, uh, the horrific butchery that
was displayed to them.
And all kinds of horrific sounds were played to them in the dark.
And it basically, it sounds like a precursor of MKUltra, but involving children, the aim of
which was to cause a fragmentation of the psyche and a kind of psychological dissociation
that would make it possible for intelligence operatives to control a part of someone's
mind that was not normally accessible to them, you know, to compartmentalize a person's psyche
and gain control over a certain backstage persona that could be activated, uh, for whatever purpose.
And the other really disturbing thing in that context that Strieber recounted is that, and
he left this out of communion and, and out of the whole first series of books that he
wrote about his close encounters, that when he encountered this gray, like sitting on top
of him, like sitting astride him in a bed of a guest room in his cabin in the Catskills,
as he managed to take his eyes off of her and look around the room.
He's engaging in relations.
Right.
This gray.
And he said it's, he's never experienced anything more exciting in his life.
Like, right?
Okay.
Yeah.
So he's looking around the room.
He can finally like get his eyes off of being glued to this entity.
And he sees all these military and intelligence people standing around.
Whoa.
In the cabin.
And he said, I recognized one of them.
He was a guy I went to school with who later joined the CIA.
Wow.
And he was standing there together with like military people with like the brass and.
So clearly some of Whitley Strieber's experiences are the product of a very advanced mind control
program.
Right.
That's involved with the production of the UFO phenomenon or the management of the perception
of it on some level.
Interesting.
Well, it is interesting.
He told me on the podcast as well.
He met with James Jesus Angleton once.
James Jesus Angleton, obviously.
Kennedy assassination.
Yeah.
I always ran counterintel for the CIA for, you know, 30, 40 years.
And, you know, notorious Alan Dulles acolyte who would lie, cheat and steal and do all sorts
of crazy, crazy sort of, you know, things.
And he says that he asked Angleton if he could get recruited to the CIA.
And Angleton was like, no, not you.
Like you can't get recruited or something.
So maybe that is to your point that he was.
That's so dark.
Like, you know, what Angleton was really thinking is, buddy, you're already an agent and
you don't even know it.
Right.
You know.
Oh, man, that's crazy.
It's crazy you can probably partition people or something.
Oh, that's certainly.
I mean, that was what, you know, the Manchurian candidate aspect of MKUltra was about.
Yeah.
And they did that.
And, you know, I think probably Sarhan Sarhan was an example of that.
I think so, too, because he didn't really remember what had happened.
And I think he was at the Santa Ana race.
He was a big racehorse junkie or whatever.
And then now you talk to RFK Jr.
He'll say, my dad was not shot by him.
He was shot by or he was shot by him.
But from the back, he was also shot by Eugene Thane Caesar, who was then a skunkworks security
guard.
And the whole thing was set up by Bob Mayhew, who was general counsel for Howard Hughes.
Yeah.
Howard Hughes also probably being involved in JFK's assassination.
So it's really this nuts kind of hidden.
Yeah.
I mean, just because Sarhan Sarhan was a product of MKUltra doesn't mean that he was the lone
assassin.
It might mean he was meant to be a patsy in that operation.
Yeah, probably.
Similar to, you know, Lee Harvey Oswald said, I am a patsy.
And it's interesting that, yeah, the ability to partition people, that's pretty crazy.
I mean, there's a book called The Controllers by a guy named, I think, Martin Cannon.
And apparently John Alexander, like, threatened him when he wrote this book.
Really?
And it was about sending these messengers, these liaisons in intelligence contexts and
partitioning them because they couldn't even have access to the information that they were
carrying.
Very interesting.
It is interesting.
But you see, it doesn't really surprise me that that's possible because for a number of
reasons, I mean, first of all, if you look at Nietzsche's understanding of the structure
of the human psyche, and although he was a philosopher, you know, it was the early days
of psychology with William James and so forth, and really the emergence of psychology as a
science from out of philosophy, like all of the previous sciences emerged from out of
philosophy.
And so Nietzsche sometimes would identify himself as a psychologist.
And he has this very interesting account of how the human person is not really an individual.
It's a conglomerate of sort of battling perspectives and warring drives.
And these can aggregate in ways that, like, there's, you know, three or four different people
who really have found a way to live together inside somebody's head, right?
Uh, and I believe that because of what I've seen in the course of researching reincarnation
and possession.
Right now, I'm doing a comprehensive study of the afterlife, death and reincarnation and
possession phenomena, and the problematization of the distinction between reincarnation and
possession.
Um, I don't know when this is going to be released, but, you know, at some, at some point, there'll
be people watching this when the book is already out.
I'm going to call it thanosis, a contraction of thanos, death and gnosis, thanosis.
And in the course of this study of the afterlife, one thing I came across was that there are
cases, you know, of course, background, you know, Ian Stevenson, Dr. Ian Stevenson studied,
got hundreds and hundreds of cases of children who spontaneously remembered past lives.
Uh, he did this work at the University of Virginia for decades from the 1960s through the 80s or
something like that.
And, uh, so there's a tremendous treasure trove of empirical data substantiating reincarnation
in terms of the work that he did.
And in particular, he's found cases that have interesting correlations between birth marks
and birth defects on the one hand and death wounds on the other.
Anyway, if you take reincarnation seriously, as I think anyone should based on Stevenson's
research, and then, you know, you look more carefully at the data, you see that there are
some cases where a single person reincarnated as two or more individuals.
In other words, the psyche split in what Tibetans call the Bardo state, in the transition between
death and rebirth.
What was a singular person splits and is reincarnated as more than one individual.
Whoa.
One case of this that's very prominent is Terry and Linda Jameson.
Uh, they're these, uh, identical twins who are also psychics, but they report having been the
same person before they were separated at earth, as they call it.
Um, and then you find possession cases where it looks like several individuals or more are
reincarnating in a single physical body.
Mm.
Okay, where, um, there have been a, Stephen Browdy, the former chair, philosophy department,
University of Maryland, Baltimore, who then went on to become one of the presidents of the
Parapsychological Association, and he was also the chief editor for the Journal of Scientific
Exploration for a while, for the SSE.
Mm-hmm.
Um, Steve Browdy touched on these in his first book, First Person Plural, which included a chapter
about how, uh, there were cases of multiple personality disorder or what they call identity
dissociative disorder these days, which are misdiagnosed cases of basically multiple people
incarnating in a single person or multiple people possessing a single person, some of them from
birth and then some of them coming in after birth.
Stevenson also has cases that problematize the distinction between reincarnation and
possession, where let's say there'll be a child who'll be deathly ill when he's six
years old, and then when he comes back, you know, to physical health, it's a completely
different person with different memories.
It's like the original kid left, did die, left the body, and somebody else came in and
took over the body, right?
Now, more than one person can come in, right?
So, here's the thing, is that what that suggests about the structure of personality, epistemology,
logically speaking, is that we are not necessarily the unique, indivisible, self-identical individuals
that we take ourselves to be.
The psyche may have an internally differentiated structure, and it may be a conglomerate of
different sub-personalities that find a modus vivendi with one another.
And sometimes they hold together, crossing from one lifetime to the next, and in other
cases they break apart.
Yeah, and there probably is some way to systematically break that apart, compartmentalize.
That's where I was going with that.
As MKUltra, it's not all that surprising.
If that's the way the psyche is structured anyway, you know, then it becomes more easily
understandable how it could be weaponized.
Well, it is interesting, MKUltra, you know, all the parapsychology research, all the kind
of electrogravitic propulsion stuff, you're getting it, or even quantum communications,
which Hal Puthoff is working on via these, you know, vector and scalar potentials or whatever,
the sub-quantum field.
You're getting into modalities that if you were to dominate the human race, you would
be able to employ all of these things at will.
And so if you look at like the last 70 years of scientific research or something, yeah, it's
kind of scary.
It's like we are verging, maybe it's the fallen angel thing, you know, where we're
rebelliously sort of acquiring these skills.
Or it's, you know, we're, yeah, I don't know.
Maybe we're, it's, you know, you hear these like UFO, you know, whistleblower people.
It's like Lou Elizondo will be like, we found the key and we're inside this cage and the
gorilla sees that we have the key.
So like it's this, you know, dark forest analogy, you know, spinoff thing that he's trying
to say.
And it's, it's either that, or it's like, we're, we're being inducted into some friendly
thing.
I don't know, but it is, it is interesting.
We're accelerating towards this new paradigm.
Yeah.
And you know, the gorilla, you mentioned the gorilla, you know, that whole test they do
when they walk somebody in a gorilla suit through a group of people doing something
to it.
And the majority of people who watch the film don't notice the guy in the gorilla
suit.
Yes.
And then when they were testing experimental aircraft, apparently they would give gorilla
masks to these people flying prototypes of the SR-71 and the, what do you call it?
The other, the other one that went down over Russia, the U-2 spotlight.
U-2, the U-2.
They give these gorilla masks and they say to them, if you ever get too close to a civilian
airliner where the pilot can make eye contact with you, put on the gorilla mask before that.
Yeah.
So that when they come back with a story about this weird looking aircraft, they'll report
it was a gorilla flying it and no one will believe the story.
It was in the Annie Jacobson's Area 51 and that, that book.
And I think we got, we need to do like five more of these, but, um, Annie Jacobson's Area
51 starts with, it tells that story and it starts with the story of Bob Lazar.
And I often wonder if the kind of true kind of hermeneutic reading of UFO disclosure is
that there is some sort of co-sponsored, you know, program between the Nordics.
I don't know what they are and us.
And they exist at these sites like Area 51 because you, you have these stories.
First of all, Area 51 was a Nevada test site before it became Area 51.
Richard Bissell set it up as Area 51 to test, uh, the U-2 spy plane in 1955, but you had already
had hundreds of atomic, it was the site of the most atomic blasts in the United States and UFOs
constantly show up around, you know, nuclear weapons and, and energy installations.
And so you'd think that if you have that many atomic blasts, you'd probably have created
some sort of like portal or something.
You even have this misty echo patch around a test from 1988 and it looks like there's
a portal underground and that would explain the Dan Barish story of S4 Area 51 to explain
some of the Bob Lazar stuff.
And it would explain this weird disconnect of like, do we really have craft that can
fly like that and it's being employed by us?
Well, maybe it's kind of, you know, being co-run by us and them.
And that's this sort of electromagnetic wormhole portal pit stop for them or something.
I don't know.
So two things about that.
Yeah.
Two things about that.
First of all, something really creepy about UFOs and nukes.
Of course, I devote, you know, good amount to this, uh, toward the beginning of Closer
Encounters, um, that excellent book, Hastings book.
Bob Hastings.
Yeah.
UFOs and nukes.
I cited, you know, uh, if not anything else, Closer Encounters is a good encyclopedic, like
index of references for the whole, uh, UFO research field.
And Hastings is one of the people who I cite extensively in there.
So, but here's something about UFOs and nukes that's really creepy.
I have a sub stack piece on this.
It's called nuking the matrix on my sub stack.
The first person to ever propose that we could be living inside a computer simulation was a
Nazi computer scientist by the name of Konrad Zussa.
Konrad Zussa was the Alan Turing of the Nazis.
He developed the first modern digital computers before Turing did.
So people often give credit Turing, but this guy was slightly ahead of Turing and Turing
was playing catch up with this guy.
And this guy, Konrad Zussa wasn't just involved in mechanical engineering of computers.
He was extremely theoretical in his, you know, contemplation of what computation is.
And it occurred to him for the first time that what if the weirdness in quantum mechanics
is, uh, indicating the fact that we're living inside of what he called a cal calculating space,
a calculating space.
And he said, the anomalies in our physics at the fundamental level are indicative of the
fact that we're inside a computational system.
And he theorized this whole thing, uh, during World War II.
Um, and here, here's the really creepy thing.
He theorized that it would be possible to test this in extremely high entropy events, such
as for example, the detonation of a nuclear bomb.
Yes.
That a nuclear bomb's detonation is such a high entropy event that if you were observing
the world on a quantum level during such an explosion, you would be able to detect basically
the mesh of the matrix.
I agree.
The only two ways out of the matrix are through consciousness and high energy physics.
And if you even look at quantum indeterminacy, you have quantum indeterminacy between position
and momentum, but you also have it between level of energy and time.
So if you get extremely high energy output, you get time indeterminacy and it explains
weird portals at CERN quote unquote stories around that.
It explains high voltage experimentation of Tesla, Thomas Townsend Brown, both of them
saying really weird things happen at high voltages across short distances.
Tesla saying he saw the past, present and future all in one and spoke to aliens, you
know, and then you have nuclear blasts, which seem to you, again, you get this sort of
these weird time effects and you see UFOs.
And this is a bunch of Q cleared guys who have literally no business lying about what
they're seeing across all sorts of disparate sites across the United States.
You have 167 Q cleared employees saying that they see stuff in Bob Hastings book.
And why is the only consistent thing that all of the Nordics have ever said that we need
to disarm of our, you know, we need to disarm and relinquish our nuclear weapons, right?
These Nordics, they tell all kinds of different stories to different people.
The one through line is we need to relinquish our nuclear weapons.
That's how you get out of the matrix.
Yeah.
See, people think they have these naive notions that, oh, they're worried about the ecology
of the planet and they want to stop us from destroying ourselves.
Folks, you know, there's evidence of nuclear exchanges in vast antiquity.
I mean, there's, you know, there's vitrification at various ancient sites where there's also
anomalous engineering.
And as we discussed earlier, Brandenburg saw evidence of nuclear war on Mars.
So it's not like these entities are, you know, necessarily averse to the use of nuclear weapons
on moral grounds.
I think what's going on here is that it's a way that would reveal that we're inside the
matrix and they don't want us.
Maybe they know that.
And it's very badly warped their psychology, having found that out.
And their response to it was to create this control system, which at least gives them
a sense of a degree of power.
Yeah.
It's like, it's a very understandable human psychological response, actually.
So you realize that, oh shit, I mean, I don't have control over my life.
I'm somebody else's play thing.
Well, I'm going to create something that I do have control.
Well, it's the, it's the whole three body problem where they are, they're looking at
the tip of the spear of human ingenuity, generically speaking.
But yes, high voltage, high energy experimentation would be kind of this Archimedes lever that
you would, it would sort of look at.
I have this case in closer encounters of a certain Sir Horsley.
Sir Horsley was a British wing commander who became the closest aid and personal attache of
Queen Elizabeth the first.
And, um, at that time when he was, you know, the personal aid of Queen Elizabeth as a military
officer, he was approached by these Nordics who basically invited him to a fireside chat,
Miss Markham and Mr. Janice.
And they said, listen, we want you to come aboard, come aboard.
We want you to come aboard with our plans and our project.
And we want you to help us disarm the world of nuclear weapons, beginning with your country,
United Kingdom.
This was the 1950s when the British were first developing nuclear weapons.
And, um, he says that this Miss Markham, like, was a completely expressionless person.
He said, she looked like Lady Dracula.
And she was, like, this completely expressionless, like, icy white person.
And the only time she ever showed any emotion was when he came back at them with, well, wait
a minute, if we disarm and the Soviets disarm, then if it turns out that you folks are up to
no good, we're rendered entirely defenseless in the face of you.
Our nuclear weapons are our only defense against you.
And at that point, he says she, she, like, had a wicked smile on her face looking at him.
Like, well done, boy.
Whoa.
You know, you, you know, you've figured us out.
And, uh, anyway, he went and reported this back to the authorities.
They investigated these people and it turned out their flats were empty by the time the
authorities got there.
Whoa.
Okay?
Now, here's really the most creepy thing about this story.
The same Sir Horsley, 20 years later, wound up controlling the British nuclear arsenal.
I think they knew.
That this guy was going to wind up in one of the most strategic positions regarding the
British nuclear program.
And they deliberately engaged him, having had foreknowledge of the, you know, further
trajectory, likely trajectory of his life.
So crazy.
Well, Jason Reza-Giorgiani, this was a blast.
We could honestly go for another six hours or something.
Maybe we will in L.A. next time.
Let's do it, man.
Next time you're back in Los Angeles.
Yeah, I would love that.
I would love that.
And, um, so the new book you're writing, what's the name of it?
The one on the afterlife is going to be called Xenosis.
Okay.
Yeah.
Xenosis, that's coming out.
And the book on UFOs is Closer Encounters.
Closer Encounters, Substack, Jason Reza-Giorgiani, and, um, Prometheus and Atlas, of course.
Thank you, man.
Thank you.
It's been an absolute pleasure.
It was awesome.
Thank you.